qid0	did0	how are glacier caves formed ?	A partly submerged glacier cave on Perito Moreno Glacier .	0
qid0	did1	how are glacier caves formed ?	The ice facade is approximately 60 m high	0
qid0	did2	how are glacier caves formed ?	Ice formations in the Titlis glacier cave	0
qid0	did3	how are glacier caves formed ?	A glacier cave is a cave formed within the ice of a glacier .	1
qid0	did4	how are glacier caves formed ?	Glacier caves are often called ice caves , but this term is properly used to describe bedrock caves that contain year-round ice .	0
qid1	did0	How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	In physics , circular motion is a movement of an object along the circumference of a circle or rotation along a circular path .	0
qid1	did1	How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	It can be uniform , with constant angular rate of rotation ( and constant speed ) , or non-uniform with a changing rate of rotation .	0
qid1	did2	How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	The rotation around a fixed axis of a three-dimensional body involves circular motion of its parts .	0
qid1	did3	How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	The equations of motion describe the movement of the center of mass of a body .	0
qid1	did4	How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	Examples of circular motion include : an artificial satellite orbiting the Earth at constant height , a stone which is tied to a rope and is being swung in circles , a car turning through a curve in a race track , an electron moving perpendicular to a uniform magnetic field , and a gear turning inside a mechanism .	0
qid1	did5	How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	Since the object 's velocity vector is constantly changing direction , the moving object is undergoing acceleration by a centripetal force in the direction of the center of rotation .	0
qid1	did6	How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	Without this acceleration , the object would move in a straight line , according to Newton 's laws of motion .	0
qid2	did0	how did apollo creed die	Apollo Creed is a fictional character from the Rocky films , initially portrayed as the Undisputed Heavyweight Champion of the World .	0
qid2	did1	how did apollo creed die	He was played by Carl Weathers .	0
qid2	did2	how did apollo creed die	Creed had multiple nicknames , including The Master of Disaster , The King of Sting , The Dancing Destroyer , The Prince of Punch , The One and Only and The Count of Monte Fisto .	0
qid2	did3	how did apollo creed die	Urban legend states that Apollo Creed 's name is a wordplay on the Apostles ' Creed , a statement of belief used in Christian churches .	0
qid2	did4	how did apollo creed die	All of Apollo 's championship fights were scheduled for the 15 round distance .	0
qid2	did5	how did apollo creed die	Championship fights did not convert from 15 rounds to 12 rounds until 1987 .	0
qid2	did6	how did apollo creed die	Rocky Balboa is often wrongly credited with popularizing the red , white , and blue trunks ; Creed was the first man to wear them ( latterly worn by Rocky Balboa in the 3rd and 4th installments and finally by Tommy `` The Machine '' Gunn ( Tommy Morrison ) in the 5th installment ) although normally he wore red and white , as seen in Rocky II .	0
qid2	did7	how did apollo creed die	Balboa 's signature colors were black and gold—colors he used in the latest movie .	0
qid3	did0	how long is the term for federal judges	In the United States , the title of federal judge usually means a judge appointed by the President of the United States and confirmed by the United States Senate pursuant to the Appointments Clause in Article II of the United States Constitution .	0
qid3	did1	how long is the term for federal judges	In addition to the Supreme Court of the United States , whose existence and some aspects of whose jurisdiction are beyond the constitutional power of Congress to alter , acts of Congress have established 13 courts of appeals ( also called `` circuit courts '' ) with appellate jurisdiction over different regions of the United States , and 94 United States district courts .	0
qid3	did2	how long is the term for federal judges	Every judge appointed to such a court may be categorized as a federal judge ; such positions include the Chief Justice and Associate Justices of the Supreme Court , Circuit Judges of the courts of appeals , and district judges of the United States district courts .	0
qid3	did3	how long is the term for federal judges	All of these judges described thus far are referred to sometimes as `` Article III judges '' because they exercise the judicial power vested in the judicial branch of the federal government by Article III of the U.S. Constitution .	0
qid3	did4	how long is the term for federal judges	In addition , judges of the Court of International Trade exercise judicial power pursuant to Article III .	0
qid3	did5	how long is the term for federal judges	Other judges serving in the federal courts , including magistrate judges and bankruptcy judges , are also sometimes referred to as `` federal judges '' ; however , they are neither appointed by the President nor confirmed by the Senate , and their power derives from Article I instead .	0
qid3	did6	how long is the term for federal judges	See Article I and Article III tribunals .	0
qid4	did0	how a beretta model 21 pistols magazines works	The Beretta 21A Bobcat is a small pocket-sized semi-automatic pistol designed by Beretta in Italy .	0
qid4	did1	how a beretta model 21 pistols magazines works	Production began in late 1984 , solely in the Beretta U.S.A. facility in Accokeek , Maryland .	0
qid4	did2	how a beretta model 21 pistols magazines works	It is a further development of the Beretta Model 20 , whose production ended in 1985 .	0
qid5	did0	how a vul works	Variable Universal Life Insurance ( often shortened to VUL ) is a type of life insurance that builds a cash value .	0
qid5	did1	how a vul works	In a VUL , the cash value can be invested in a wide variety of separate accounts , similar to mutual funds , and the choice of which of the available separate accounts to use is entirely up to the contract owner .	0
qid5	did2	how a vul works	The 'variable ' component in the name refers to this ability to invest in separate accounts whose values vary—they vary because they are invested in stock and/or bond markets .	0
qid5	did3	how a vul works	The 'universal ' component in the name refers to the flexibility the owner has in making premium payments .	0
qid5	did4	how a vul works	The premiums can vary from nothing in a given month up to maximums defined by the Internal Revenue Code for life insurance .	0
qid5	did5	how a vul works	This flexibility is in contrast to whole life insurance that has fixed premium payments that typically can not be missed without lapsing the policy ( although one may exercise an Automatic Premium Loan feature , or surrender dividends to pay a Whole Life premium ) .	0
qid5	did6	how a vul works	Variable universal life is a type of permanent life insurance , because the death benefit will be paid if the insured dies any time as long as there is sufficient cash value to pay the costs of insurance in the policy .	0
qid5	did7	how a vul works	With most if not all VULs , unlike whole life , there is no endowment age ( the age at which the cash value equals the death benefit amount , which for whole life is typically 100 ) .	0
qid5	did8	how a vul works	This is yet another key advantage of VUL over Whole Life .	0
qid5	did9	how a vul works	With a typical whole life policy , the death benefit is limited to the face amount specified in the policy , and at endowment age , the face amount is all that is paid out .	0
qid5	did10	how a vul works	Thus with either death or endowment , the insurance company keeps any cash value built up over the years .	0
qid5	did11	how a vul works	However , some participating whole life policies offer riders which specify that any dividends paid on the policy be used to purchase `` paid up additions '' to the policy which increase both the cash value and the death benefit over time .	0
qid5	did12	how a vul works	If investments made in the separate accounts out-perform the general account of the insurance company , a higher rate-of-return can occur than the fixed rates-of-return typical for whole life .	0
qid5	did13	how a vul works	The combination over the years of no endowment age , continually increasing death benefit , and if a high rate-of-return is earned in the separate accounts of a VUL policy , this could result in higher value to the owner or beneficiary than that of a whole life policy with the same amounts of money paid in as premiums .	0
