0	What is the step by step guide to invest in share market in india?	What is the step by step guide to invest in share market?
0	What is the story of Kohinoor (Koh-i-Noor) Diamond?	What would happen if the Indian government stole the Kohinoor (Koh-i-Noor) diamond back?
0	How can I increase the speed of my internet connection while using a VPN?	How can Internet speed be increased by hacking through DNS?
0	Why am I mentally very lonely? How can I solve it?	Find the remainder when [math]23^{24}[/math] is divided by 24,23?
0	Which one dissolve in water quikly sugar, salt, methane and carbon di oxide?	Which fish would survive in salt water?
1	Astrology: I am a Capricorn Sun Cap moon and cap rising...what does that say about me?	I'm a triple Capricorn (Sun, Moon and ascendant in Capricorn) What does this say about me?
0	Should I buy tiago?	What keeps childern active and far from phone and video games?
1	How can I be a good geologist?	What should I do to be a great geologist?
0	When do you use シ instead of し?	When do you use "&" instead of "and"?
0	Motorola (company): Can I hack my Charter Motorolla DCX3400?	How do I hack Motorola DCX3400 for free internet?
0	Method to find separation of slits using fresnel biprism?	What are some of the things technicians can tell about the durability and reliability of Laptops and its components?
1	How do I read and find my YouTube comments?	How can I see all my Youtube comments?
1	What can make Physics easy to learn?	How can you make physics easy to learn?
1	What was your first sexual experience like?	What was your first sexual experience?
0	What are the laws to change your status from a student visa to a green card in the US, how do they compare to the immigration laws in Canada?	What are the laws to change your status from a student visa to a green card in the US? How do they compare to the immigration laws in Japan?
1	What would a Trump presidency mean for current international master’s students on an F1 visa?	How will a Trump presidency affect the students presently in US or planning to study in US?
1	What does manipulation mean?	What does manipulation means?
0	Why do girls want to be friends with the guy they reject?	How do guys feel after rejecting a girl?
1	Why are so many Quora users posting questions that are readily answered on Google?	Why do people ask Quora questions which can be answered easily by Google?
0	Which is the best digital marketing institution in banglore?	Which is the best digital marketing institute in Pune?
1	Why do rockets look white?	Why are rockets and boosters painted white?
0	What's causing someone to be jealous?	What can I do to avoid being jealous of someone?
0	What are the questions should not ask on Quora?	Which question should I ask on Quora?
0	How much is 30 kV in HP?	Where can I find a conversion chart for CC to horsepower?
0	What does it mean that every time I look at the clock the numbers are the same?	How many times a day do a clock’s hands overlap?
0	What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Medicines?	What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at Foundation Medicine?
0	What is web application?	What is the web application framework?
0	Does society place too much importance on sports?	How do sports contribute to the society?
0	What is best way to make money online?	What is best way to ask for money online?
1	How should I prepare for CA final law?	How one should know that he/she completely prepare for CA final exam?
0	What's one thing you would like to do better?	What's one thing you do despite knowing better?
1	What are some special cares for someone with a nose that gets stuffy during the night?	How can I keep my nose from getting stuffy at night?
1	What Game of Thrones villain would be the most likely to give you mercy?	What Game of Thrones villain would you most like to be at the mercy of?
0	Does the United States government still blacklist (employment, etc.) some United States citizens because their political views?	How is the average speed of gas molecules determined?
0	What is the best travel website in spain?	What is the best travel website?
0	Why do some people think Obama will try to take their guns away?	Has there been a gun control initiative to take away guns people already own?
0	I'm a 19-year-old. How can I improve my skills or what should I do to become an entrepreneur in the next few years?	I am a 19 year old guy. How can I become a billionaire in the next 10 years?
0	When a girlfriend asks her boyfriend "Why did you choose me? What makes you want to be with me?", what should one reply to her?	My girlfriend said that we should end this because she is confused about her feelings for me. I wished her well and disconnected. Should I call her and ask her if she wants to get back together?
1	How do we prepare for UPSC?	How do I prepare for civil service?
0	What is the stall speed and AOA of an f-14 with wings fully swept back?	Why did aircraft stop using variable-sweep wings, like those on an F-14?
0	Why do Slavs squat?	Will squats make my legs thicker?
0	When can I expect my Cognizant confirmation mail?	When can I expect Cognizant confirmation mail?
0	Can I make 50,000 a month by day trading?	Can I make 30,000 a month by day trading?
0	Is being a good kid and not being a rebel worth it in the long run?	Is being bored good for a kid?
0	What universities does Rexnord recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?	What universities does B&G Foods recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?
0	What is the quickest way to increase Instagram followers?	How can we increase our number of Instagram followers?
0	How did Darth Vader fought Darth Maul in Star Wars Legends?	Does Quora have a character limit for profile descriptions?
0	What are the stages of breaking up between couple? I mean, what happens after the breaking up emotionally whether its a male or female?	Who is affected more by a breakup, the boy or the girl?
1	What are some examples of products that can be make from crude oil?	What are some of the products made from crude oil?
1	How do I make friends.	How to make friends ?
1	Is Career Launcher good for RBI Grade B preparation?	How is career launcher online program for RBI Grade B?
1	Will a Blu Ray play on a regular DVD player? If so, how?	How can you play a Blu Ray DVD on a regular DVD player?
0	Nd she is always sad?	Aerodynamically what happens when propellor rotates?
1	What is the best/most memorable thing you've ever eaten and why?	What is the most delicious dish you've ever eaten and why?
0	How GST affects the CAs and tax officers?	Why can't I do my homework?
0	How difficult is it get into RSI?	Do you apply for programs like RSI when you're a rising senior?
0	Who is israil friend?	Is my boyfriend lying about his true feelings for his friend and is he secretly attracted to her?
0	What are some good rap songs to dance to?	What are some of the best rap songs?
1	I was suddenly logged off Gmail. I can't remember my Gmail password and just realized the recovery email is no longer alive. What can I do?	I can't remember my Gmail password or my recovery email. How can I recover my e-mail?
0	What are the best ways to learn French?	How do I learn french genders?
0	How do I download content from a kickass torrent without registration?	Is Kickass Torrents trustworthy?
0	Is it normal to have a dark ring around the iris of my eye?	What causes a dark ring around the iris? How should it be treated?
1	How is the new Harry Potter book 'Harry Potter and the Cursed Child'?	How bad is the new book by J.K Rowling?
0	Why do I always get depressed?	Why do I always get depressed in the evening?
0	Where can I find a European family office database?	Where do I find a U.S. family office database?
1	What is Java programming? How To Learn Java Programming Language ?	How do I learn a computer language like java?
1	What is the best book ever made?	What is the most important book you have ever read?
1	Can we ever store energy produced in lightning?	Is it possible to store the energy of lightning?
0	What is your review of Performance Testing?	What is performance testing?
0	At what cost does so much privacy as in Germany come? What else is lost to gain so much privacy?	Are there any people who genuinely enjoy salad with no dressing?
0	What are the types of immunity?	What are the different types of immunity in our body?
1	What is a narcissistic personality disorder?	What is narcissistic personality disorder?
1	How I can speak English fluently?	How can I learn to speak English fluently?
1	How helpful is QuickBooks' auto data recovery support phone number to recover your corrupted data files?	What is the quickbooks customer support phone number USA?
1	Who is the richest gambler of all time and how can I reach his level?	Who is the richest gambler of all time and how can I reach his level as a gambler?
0	If I fire a bullet backward from an aircraft going faster than the bullet; will the bullet be going backwards?	Do bullets travel faster than the speed of sound when shot from a gun? If not, is it possible? If they do, what gun and how much devastation occurs?
0	How do I prevent breast cancer?	Is breast cancer preventable?
0	How do I log out of my Gmail account on my friend's phone?	How can I know who logged in to my Gmail account? (by telling his IP address or device name)?
0	How can I make money through the Internet?	What are some different ways to make money online, excluding selling things?
1	What is purpose of life?	What's the purpose of life? What is life actually about?
0	When will the BJP government strip all the Muslims and the Christians of the Indian citizenship and put them on boats like the Rohingya's of Burma?	Why India does not apply the "Burma-Rohingya model" to deport illegal Bangladeshis?
0	What is the right etiquette for wishing a Jehovah Witness happy birthday?	How important is it to be the first person to wish someone a happy birthday?
0	If someone wants to open a commercial FM radio station in any city of India, how much does it cost and what is the procedure?	I want to make a travel commercial/clip video HD , For India and New Zealand. How much will it cost?
0	Why do Swiss despise Asians?	Why do technical employees despise sales people so much?
1	What are some of the high salary income jobs in the field of biotechnology?	What are some high paying jobs for a fresher with an M.Tech in biotechnology?
1	How can I increase my height after 21 also?	Can height increase after 25?
1	What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Kamchatca earthquakes in 1952?	What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Valparaiso earthquake in 1822?
0	What is the difference between sincerity and fairness?	What's the difference between honest and sincere?
1	Which is the best gaming laptop under 60k INR?	Which is the best gaming laptop under Rs 60000?
0	What is your review of The Next Warrior: Proving Grounds - Part 9?	What is your review of The Next Warrior: Proving Grounds - Part 5?
0	What is the best reference book for physics class 11th?	Which book should I choose for reference for physics and chemistry (class 11, CBSE board)?
0	National Institute of Technology, Kurukshetra: How is the social life at NITK, Surathkal?	National Institute of Technology Karnataka (NITK) , Surathkal: To the graduating batch: What lessons would you want to give to your juniors before you leave?
1	What are some of the best romantic movies in English?	What is the best romantic movie you have ever seen?
1	What causes a nightmare?	What causes nightmares that seem real?
0	What is abstract expressionism in painting?	What are some of the major influences of abstract expressionism?
1	How does 3D printing work?	How do 3D printing work?
0	What was it like to attend Caltech with Jeremy Ehrhardt?	Who are some notable folks who attended Caltech?
0	Why did harry become a horcrux?	What is a Horcrux?
0	What are the best associate product manager (APM) programs that someone in their early 20s can join to learn product management and have a rewarding career in the company?	What are the general requirement to become a Product Manager or a Program Manager in a product based software company?
0	Why is the number for Skype at 1-855-425-3768 always busy?	How could I get Skype to work on an android 4.1.1 phone?
1	Will there really be any war between India and Pakistan over the Uri attack? What will be its effects?	Will there be a nuclear war between India and Pakistan?
0	Did Ronald Reagan have a mannerism in his speech?	How did Ronald Reagan react to 9/11?
0	What were the war strategies of the Union and the Confederates during the Civil War?	How could the Confederates have possibly defeated Union forces at Gettysburg during the American Civil War?
0	Which is the best fiction novel of 2016?	Which are some of the best fiction novels?
1	Can I recover my email if I forgot the password?	What should I do if I forgot my email password?
0	Will the recent demonetisation results in higher GDP? If so how much?	How demonetisation could affect the GDP of India in both short run and long run?
0	Have you ever heard of travel hacking?	Can WhatsApp be hacked?
1	What's the difference between love and pity?	What is the difference between love and pity?
0	How competitive is the hiring process at Republic Bank?	How competitive is the hiring process at S & T Bank?
0	How Google helps in spam ranking adjustment of the search results?	What is the distribution of traffic between Google organic search results? e.g. #1 vs. #2 in rankings, first page vs. second page
0	Where can I watch gonulcelen with english subtitles?	Where can I watch sarrainodu with subtitles?
0	Is USA the most powerful country of the world?	Why is the USA the most powerful country of the world?
0	How do you obtain an instant ulcer pain relief?	What is better for a low back pain: heat or ice?
1	What do you think China food?	How do you think of Chinese food?
0	What does taking advantage of someone mean?	Is it worse to take advantage of someone or be materialistic?
0	Why do we cry when we are happy and when we are sad?	Why do we cry?
0	Why do some girls like to stick their their tongues out when taking pictures?	Why do teen girls (and women in general) allow their boyfriends to take naked pictures of them in this day and (digital) age?
0	Did you find the ending of the novel "1984" depressing?	How do Winston and Julia differ in the novel "1984"? How are they similar?
0	What are some mind-blowing computer tools that exist that most people don't know about?	What are some mind-blowing technologies that exist that most people don't know about?
0	Should the toothbrush be wet or dry before applying the toothpaste?	What is the cheapest toothpaste?
1	Why my question was marked as needing imrovement?	How can I ask a question without getting marked as ‘need to improve’?
0	What is the difference between a neutral state and a buffer state?	If every state of the USA declared war against each other, which would win?
1	What mineral holds the highest electrical charge?	What mineral can hold the greatest electrical charge?
0	What is the greatest mystery in the universe?	What is the greatest mystery of all time?
0	What is the alternative to machine learning?	How do I over-sample a multi-class imbalance data set?
1	Why does China block sanctions at the UN against the Jaish-e-Mohammad (JeM) chief, Masood Azhar?	Why does China support Masood Azhar?
0	What is the mean of future budget?	What is the meaning of the future?
1	Can excessive amounts of Vitamin C cause me to have a miscarriage?	How can Vitamin C cause a miscarriage?
0	What is it like to work in Asahi India Glass? What will be the pay scale after one or two years?	When will we get the Call Letter after we get the Letter of Intent in Asahi India Glass recruitment?
0	How do I access Torbox in India?	How do I access Google.com from India?
0	What are some yakshini mantras?	What is a Yantra & Mantra?
0	Was six party talks successful?	Which course is better in NICMAR?
0	How do I register my domain site email?	How do you register a .an domain?
0	Is it normal for older men to be attracted to young women?	Why am I attracted to older men?
0	What is the strongest structure or strongest shape under compression?	What is the strongest Kevlar cord?
1	Who are the Rohingya Muslims?	Who are the Rohingya people?
1	Does it matter whether humans are selfish or evil?	Does it matter whether humanity is evil or not?
0	Are exocytosis and endocytosis examples of active or passive transport?	What are examples of passive transport in cells?
0	How i get hair on bald head?	If I shave my head for 2 years as am getting bald and then grew my hair, will the hair will be same as when I intially have? Or I loose more hair?
0	What is the ideal life after retirement?	What's life after retirement?
0	What is our stance against Pakistan?	What is the stance of Pakistan in the possession of weapons of mass destruction by North korea? Does it support DPRK or is it against DPRK?
0	What are good websites for escorts?	How do I find a good escort?
0	Which one is better polo diesel or grand i10 petrol?	What is the best diet for a growing decathlete?
1	Does a black hole have mass?	Does a black hole have a finite mass?
1	Is Morgan Freeman correct when he says the only way to stop racism, is to stop talking about it?	What are your views about this Morgan Freeman quote about Racism?
0	Does Fab currently offer new employees stock options or RSUs?	Does Uber currently offer new employees stock options or RSUs?
0	How would you review the site Waveclues?	Is there a good pay for reviews site out there?
0	In how many ways can we distribute 10 identical looking pencils to 4 students so that each student gets at least one pencil?	In how many ways 12 apples can be distributed among 4 children such that every child gets at least 2 apples?
0	How much would it cost to hire Jerry Seinfeld for 1-2 hours?	How much on average would it cost to video tape a 2 hour presentation?
0	Is 7 days too late for rabies vaccine after a possible non-bite exposure?	Can I take rabies injection after 1 day of dog bite?
0	How many years Britain ruled India?	What is the standard amount of time off given for an international relocation?
0	How can I stop being afraid of working?	How do you stop being afraid of everything?
1	Why does Red keep the keys in OITNB?	Why does Red keep the keys in season 4 of Orange is the New Black?
0	At what age should someone lose their virginity?	At what age, how, and where did you lose your virginity?
0	How forgetful are you?	How can I forget my wife?
0	Could Snoke secretly be Darth Maul?	How could Snoke be Darth Plagueis if he was killed by Emperor Palpatine?
1	If I do not monetize YouTube videos & upload copyright content, then are there chances that Google may block my account?	How do you upload movies on YouTube and monetize them? Is there any issue of copyright
0	Would you switch from Canon 6D to Leica D-LUX 109?	What tripod should I get for my Canon 6D?
1	What does the Quora website look like to members of Quora moderation?	How does Quora look to a moderator?
1	Why nobody answer my questions in Quora?	Why is no one answering my questions in Quora?
1	What is the funniest joke you know?	What is the funniest joke of all time?
0	I got job offer @ Chelmsford-Essex, London with £3764 PM pay-after tax deduction. Pls advice tentative monthly expenses for couple? & saving possible?	If I am leaving Norway, can I pay down my mortgage with my BSU account, and then sell my apartment without having to pay back the tax deduction I got for having BSU?
0	What are stereotypes about the United Kingdom?	What do Americans think about the United Kingdom?
1	How do I use Twitter as a business source?	How can I use Twitter for business?
0	How can I transfer money from Skrill to a PayPal account?	How can I send money from my PayPal account to my Skrill account to withdraw?
1	Which is the best earphone with deep bass under 1000?	Which is the Best earphones under Rs 1000?
0	Are government employees eligible to Sukanya Samrudi Yojana?	Can a Government employee apply IEC?
0	Which is correct - 'Looking forward to speak with you' or 'Look forward to speak with you'?	Which is correct: "speak with" or "speak to"?
1	Which are the best engineering fields?	What is the best field of engineering?
0	How do you make life suit you and stop life from abusing you mentally and emotionally?	Why are emotionally abusive people in my life? Several ex boyfriends, friends, and past coworkers/bosses have been abusers. Do I attract them?
0	What is the difference between gross salary and CTC?	There seems to be a difference between my weekly paycheck and the yearly salary my employer agreed upon, how does that work?
0	Which are the prospering towns in Kerala?	Why are there so many Christians in Kerala?
0	What is the best way to gain confidence?	How can I speak with more clarity and confidence?
1	Does anyone see the relation between Greek gods and Hindu gods?	What parallelism can we draw between gods of Hindu mythology, Greek mythology, Egyptian mythology, etc.?
0	How do I switch from Apple Music to Spotify?	Should I switch from Spotify to Apple Music?
1	Which is the best fixed income fund?	What is the best fixed income fund?
1	What is it like to live in Cologne?	What is it like to live in Köln, Germany? 
0	Between Robert De Niro and Al Pacino, who is more successful?	Who do you regard as the best actor, Robert De Niro or Al Pacino?
1	Why does some people prefer small families.?	Why do some people prefer to live with small family?
1	Do animals kiss?	Do animals (besides humans) kiss?
1	How do you get deleted Instagram chats?	How can I view deleted Instagram dms?
0	How can I stop being addicted to love?	How do I stop being addicted to someone?
1	What if I hired two private eyes and ordered them to follow each other?	Would I be able to hire two private investigators and then get them to follow each other?
0	How do I find a startup accelerator?	How do startup accelerators give you the funding?
0	How can I check wifi history and access it through android phones?	I cannot open Quora through my WiFi router. Why can I only access it through a mobile network?
1	What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Rostov?	What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Riyadh?
0	What is the most creative college admissions essay you've read?	Has any college admission officer cried in public while reading an applicant's essay?
0	What would happen if you cover one of your eyes with an eye patch for one year, then take the patch off?	What happens if eye medicine enters the eye?
1	Is it possible to pursue many different things in life?	How do I refuse to chose between different things to do in my life?
1	Did Ben Affleck shine more than Christian Bale as Batman?	No fanboys please, but who was the true batman, Christian Bale or Ben Affleck?
1	Which business is good start up in Hyderabad?	Which business is better to start in Hyderabad?
1	How can I stop being so possessive?	How do I stop being over possessive for a person whom I love?
0	Who was the wife of Lord Krishna?	Who is the father of lord Krishna?
1	What is the best combination of courses I can take up along with CA to enhance my career?	What courses must be taken along with CA course?
1	How do you take a screenshot on a Mac laptop?	How do I take a screenshot on my MacBook Pro? What are some instructions?
0	What is the work of an executive recruiter like?	What is it like to work with an executive recruiter?
0	Which psychological need does 'collecting' fulfill?	Why do people collect things?
1	What are some must watch TV shows before you die?	Are there any must watch TV shows?
1	How can I become more fluent in Chinese?	How can I become fluent in chinese?
1	What are the effects of demonitization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes on real estate sector?	What will be the impact of scrapping of ₹500 and ₹1000 rupee notes on the real estate market?
1	What is the easiest way to become a billionaire($)?	What is the best way to become a billionaire?
0	Are there People who are willing to give free lectures or conduct free workshop in India colleges?	Almost two weeks in on Prozac, why do I still feel antisocial and still don't want to go to events? Why does my social behavior and mood change daily?
0	What's the best way to start learning robotics?	What is the best way to start robotics? Which is the best development board that I can start working on it?
1	Why do people hate Hillary Clinton?	What are the reasons that people dislike Hillary Clinton?
0	Why are women who are on their periods are regarded as 'unclean' such that they are prevented in taking an actived part in rituals (Hinduism)?	Why is it always expected that a woman should take care of housework, children and cooking (especially in Indian culture)? Are these activities the responsibility of women alone? Why do men not share equally in such work?
0	If atheism is the lack of belief in gods, what is the term for the belief that there is no god?	Is atheism the lack of belief in gods, or a claim that god does not exist?
0	What is it like to be Jack Dorsey?	What is Jack Dorsey like?
0	What are the best quotes/lessons of the Assassin's Creed series?	Which assassin has the best robes in Assassin's Creed?
0	Do inkjet printers use color ink when printing black and white documents? If so, why?	If CMYK printers create black by using colored ink and only complementing with black ink, why do shops charge more for color prints?
1	Why is creativity important?	Why creativity is important?
1	If Hillary Clinton could not continue her Presidential campaign how would the Democratic Party choose a new candidate?	If Hillary Clinton can no longer serve as the Democratic nominee how would her successor be chosen?
0	How headphones work as an Antenna to play FM radio channels on Mobile phones? Why mobile companies doesn't install the same inbuilt Antenna on phones to be able to play FM without the headphones?	Why don't phones have a built-in FM antenna?
0	What are the best career growth technologies for automation engineers apart from automation tools?	Himalayan or Duke KTM 200 for touring?
0	What are the disadvantages of listing a company in NSE?	What are the benefits of listing a company in NSE?
0	How many derivatives of an object's position with respect to time have to be continuous?	When does drawing become fun?
1	Is the neutron star made up of?	Is the neutron star made up of only neutrons?
1	I got a 3.8 GPA. Is it enough to get into top universities like Harvard?	Is a 3.8 GPA sufficient to get into a top school?
0	What is a profitable way to trade binary options?	What is binary options trading?
0	How do I utilize free time to avoid depression?	Can a person graduating from IIMs like LIK and even the new IIMs like Ranchi and Trichy ever catch up to the graduates from ABC and get a similar package?
1	How can I learn computer security?	How can I get started to learn information security?
1	How do I earn from Quora?	Can I earn money on Quora?
1	What is my puk code?	What's the PUK for TF64SIMC4?
0	How can I find job in Japan?	How can I find an IT job in Japan?
0	What are some examples of sentences using the word "hysteria"?	What is the best home wireless network setup and expected speeds?
1	Will there be another billion dollar lottery Jackpot?	When will the lottery reach the next billion dollar jackpot?
0	How scary is it to drive on the road to Hana given all of the turns?	Do I need a four-wheel-drive car to drive all the way on the Road to Hana?
1	How do I create a new shell in a new terminal using C programming (Linux terminal)?	How do I create a new Terminal and new shell in Linux using C programming?
0	Does cognition affect perception?	Does cognitive strain affect digestion?
0	How TQWL is different from CKWL (Tatkal waiting list)?	I have made a railway reservation but got it on the Tatkal waiting list. Will I get a refund if I cancel it?
1	How can we make the world a better place to live in for the future generations?	What can I do to make the world a better place?
0	How many Champions are there in League of Legends?	Who is the best LoL (League of Legends) champion?
0	Is drinking 4 liters of water each day unhealthy?	How many liters of water should I drink if I run 5kms daily?
0	Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Prespa?	Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Como?
0	Do porn stars watch porn?	How can I book Ronda Rousey to star in an adult movie?
0	Trump supporters, how do you feel about the way he's walking back his promises?	Do Trump supporters now expect the president to live up to his promises he so forcefully sold them on?
1	Why are we worried about others' opinions?	Why do we care for others' opinion and about what others think about us?
1	How do you potty train a 4 months Pitbull?	How do I potty train my two-month-old Labrador pup?
0	If I jump rope for five minutes, how many calories will I use?	What's the best way to jump rope?
1	Which online test series is best for GATE 2017 in CS stream?	Which test series is the best for GATE computer science stream?
0	What is the best material for understanding algorithmic analysis by a newbie?	What math does a complete newbie need to understand algorithms for computer programming? What books on algorithms are suitable for a complete beginner?
0	What is the temperament of a Bullmastiff/Husky mix?	What is the temperament of a Corgi-Husky mix?
0	There are 8 balls. 7 of them weigh the same. 1 of them has a different weight, (you don't know if it's heavier or lighter). How do you find the odd ball with 2 weighs?	How many 4 digit numbers can be formed by using 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7? How many of them are between 4000 and 6000?
1	In the play "A Raisin in the Sun", why do Walter ad Beneatha argue?	In "A Raisin in the Sun", why do Walter and Beneatha argue?
1	What are the signs of an ultra smart person playing dumb?	What are signs of ultra smart people hiding their intelligence?
1	If dark energy is created with expansion can infinite of it be created?	If energy is not conserved in an expanding universe, is potential energy infinite (the energy that can be created is infinite)?
0	How do you get a book published?	What are the good ways to write and publish a book?
1	Who is disrupting Bloomberg?	Who will disrupt Bloomberg?
0	Why can flash run so fast?	The Flash (DC character): How fast can the Flash run a mile?
0	What is the best way to invest $500 legally so that I can get tangible profits over a relatively short period of time, say 6 months?	How can I best invest ₹5000 over the next 6 months?
1	How will the implementation of GST bill impact the lives of common people?	What exactly is GST bill and how exactly will it affect the common people?
1	How can you recover your Gmail password?	I do not remember my password to my Gmail account, how can I recover my account?
1	How accurately can a mental illness can be diagnosed?	How can I accurately diagnose and medicate my mental illness?
0	Is knee pain in a 20 year old girl normal?	Is it normal for a 14 year old girl to be spitting up blood?
1	What are the qualities of a good leader?	What are some good qualities of a leader?
0	What is the difference between bay, gulf and straits?	What exactly is the difference between a sea and a bay?
1	Will Modi win in 2019?	Can Narendra Modi become Prime Minister of India in 2019?
0	How can I open DMart store in India? Is there any franchise for that?	How do I get reliance digital store franchise?
0	What are the best YouTube channels to learn medicine?	What are some of the best YouTube channels for learning Git?
0	Did Swami Vivekananda ever eat non-veg or egg during his journey around the world?	Why don't most of the Hindus eat non-veg?
0	What will happen if I cancel TQWL tickets before the charting is done?	Can we cancel a 'Tatkal waiting list' ticket?
1	What exactly is the "Common Core Initiative/Standards" and what are the pros and cons?	What are the pros and cons of the Common Core Standards Initiative?
1	How do I choose a journal to publish my paper?	Where do I publish my paper?
1	What are your New Year's resolutions for 2017?	What is your creative New Year's resolution for 2017?
0	What do you do if you had a bad dream?	How do you not get bad dreams?
0	Why do Slavs squat?	Do squats work for men?
0	How many marks should I score for AIIMS rank 151?	What minimum marks should I score to get among top 50 in AIIMS?
0	In an operating room, when two surgeons of equal experience disagree on a surgical procedure, how is the tie broken?	Doctors: How do surgeons hold out on surgeries more than 6 hours long? Do they rest during the operation?
1	How many months does it take to gain knowledge in developing Android apps from scratch?	How much time does it take to learn Android app development from scratch?
0	How do I love my body as a guy?	How can I make my whole body more fair, if I am a wheatish Indian guy?
1	What are the rights of a prisoner?	If I am in prison, what rights would I have?
1	How can I get free gems in Clash of Clans?	How can I get free gems Clash of Clans?
0	Why aren't there more apps like Word Lens?	What does Word Lens use for OCR?
0	My ex-girlfriend is suffering from malaria. I have a deep urge of visiting her but I have my placements on. I have no idea how to be with her. What should I do?	Should I be worried that my girlfriend texts her ex-boyfriend till 4 a.m., and if so, why?
1	What is the best way to get traffic on your website?	How do i get traffic for website?
1	How do you feel when someone upvotes your answer on Quora?	How does it feel to see upvotes to your answer on Quora?
1	What are some of the best films and TV shows that feature strong female protagonists?	What are the best female strong characters in films?
0	How far would you go for love? Should I wait for the one I love ir move on?	As a thirteen year old, what is the best thing I can do for my health?
0	How do most people die?	How do people die?
0	Why are most clothes made of polyester now instead of cotton?	How are cotton clothes made?
0	What is in bone marrow?	What does bone marrow taste like?
0	Were there any slave with the name Reddice?	In Ancient Rome, slaves were branded. What happened with the brand mark if they were subsequently liberated?
1	How long does it take for a dead body to float to the surface after drowning ?	When a dead body is in a river, how long does it take before it floats?
0	How do I get over a friend with whom I haven't talked in 3 years but still miss him?	How do I get over someone I loved now that we broke up last year and I still miss her?
0	When travelling to a new region is it better to immerse yourself in 1–2 cities or to see as many cities as you can cram in?	What are the ways to explore world without spending more money?
1	How can I make money online with free of cost?	How do I to make money online?
1	Where can I buy best quality customized cupcakes in Gold Coast?	Where can I find delicious cupcakes at Gold Coast?
1	How successful was odd even plan?	How successful was the Delhi's Odd-even plan?
1	If there will be a war between India and Pakistan who will win?	Who will win if a war starts between India and Pakistan?
1	How do you deal with a fear of dying?	How can you reduce your fear of dying?
0	What would be the estimated cost of repairing the cracked screen of iphone 6?	What is the price I have to pay for repairing a broken iPhone 6 screen? How can it be done?
0	What are the most interesting products and innovations that McDonald's is coming out with in 2016?	What are the most interesting products and innovations that Ball is coming out with in 2016?
1	Is there an end to the universe, and if not, is the universe infinite?	Is the Universe infinite or is there an end to the Universe?
0	What is CPAGrip.com?	What is bestmytest.com?
1	How much funds should I raise?	How much money should I raise?
0	What Anna Hazare think about PM Modi?	What do you people think of Mr. Arvind Kejriwal and his AAP?
1	What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 notes on stock markets in India?	What will be the effect of the ban of the 1000rs and 500rs notes on the stock market?
1	How does concentric contractions differ from eccentric contractions?	How do concentric and eccentric contraction compare and contrast?
0	Why did the puppet they used for Yoda in Episode I suck so bad?	Why do people not question "news" posts and opinions posted on social media websites?
0	On what online platforms can I post ads for beer money opportunity?	What online platforms can I post ads for beer money opportunity?
1	What the meaning of this all life?	What's are the meaning of life?
0	How should I start small business effectively?	How should I start a small business in construction?
0	How can we acquire a positive morality?	What are time deposits? Are RD and FD types of time deposits?
0	Do you need friends?	Why do we need friends?
0	Do I exist?	Do we exist?
1	Which are the best Hollywood thriller movies?	What are the best thriller movie in Hollywood?
0	Should I repeat 2nd year in college, or find a new college? It's a 5 year course.	I study in Ashutosh College in Kolkata. Can I study in any other college in India in my 2nd year?
0	How is petrol or diesel pumped up in a filling station using a motor without igniting any fire?	What happens when you fill a petrol car with diesel? What is the solution if such an incident happened?
1	What job possibilities exist for a Bachelors in Homeland Security?	What jobs are available with a bachelor’s degree in Homeland Security?
1	Which are the best books to understand calculus?	What are good books to self study calculus?
1	Why and how did you break up with her/him?	How and why did you break up with your ex?
0	Can I use Jio SIM in iPhone 5s?	Does iPhone 5S support JIO VoLTE?
0	What are some unwritten rules in USA?	What are some unwritten rules you have for your home?
1	What is the best answer to what you did in two years gap in a job interview?	What is the best excuse to explain a gap (of one or two years) in your job career for a job interview?
0	What are the best songs for low voices?	What are some songs for a sweet airy mezzo voice?
0	Can anyone predict my birth chart?	What can you tell me regarding this birth chart?
0	When was the birth of the trigonometric functions?	Who were the creators of trigonometry?
0	What does this saying mean; "Don't trust everything you see even salt looks like sugar"?	People say "don't try to please others." Does being nice to others mean pleasing them?
1	What do countries do to prevent war?	How should countries prevent war?
1	How can I become a billionaire?	How can I become a billionaire (in finance)?
0	Why should I learn web design?	How can I learn about web design?
0	What's the best on-line calender/scheduling/booking system? Something that allows me to show my availability & customers can 'request' to meet me. When I 'accept' their request, the appointment pops into our calendars & reminders are automated.	Is there a web service that can send appointment sms-reminders to customers extracting data from Google calendar?
1	How will Indian GDP be affected from banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	What will be the implications of banning 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes on Indian economy?
1	Why does understanding death philosophical?	What makes understanding death philosophical?
1	Why are dogs considered omnivores?	Are dogs carnivorous animals?
0	What it is like to be cheated upon in a relationship?	What is it like to be in a relationship with someone you cheated with?
0	How do I know if someone blocked my texts?	If I turn of my user id off can I text someone that blocked me?
1	What are the most interesting foods you have eaten in any country?	What is the most delicious dish you've ever eaten and why?
0	What is it like to be a private banker?	What is like to be a private banker in Switzerland?
0	What is journalism for you?	What is journalism?
1	How can one increase concentration?	How can I improve my concentration?
0	How do I see "sent invitations" on Linkedin if I don't have any more pending invitations?	How can you personalize a LinkedIn invitation? I think I just sent a colleague an invitation on LinkedIn, but did not get a chance to personalize it!
1	What are the pros and cons of the German Shepherd dog?	What are the pros and cons of having a pet German Shepherd?
0	What is the difference between deism and agnosticism?	What is the difference between a hobby and a habit?
0	Why do male porn stars masturbate to ejaculate?	Is it OK for a husband and wife to masturbate together? Is it considered cheating if your partner is masturbating without your consent?
0	How much CGPA I require to get an admission for MTech CSE at IIT Madras?	Can I get a job in a consulting firm after Mtech in CSE from IIT?
0	Is there a biological reason that people cry when they are emotional?	What is the biological reason for crying?
0	What are 5 facts about the earth's crust?	How does the Earth's core affect its crust?
0	Why does ISRO not use friction stir welding technology?	Should a guy re-evaluate his current relationship and feelings if he's worried about temptation hanging out with a girl that he was friends with?
0	I wish to simulate a fake location for an app running on my iOS device. How do you fake a GPS location for iOS without jailbreaking as a non-coder?	How can I fake my iPhone location without jailbreaking?
1	What would be the best way to quit smoking?	How did you quit/stop smoking?
0	Which is the best programing language for tcs?	Which is the best programming language?
1	Earthquake resistant homes?	How do earthquake resistant buildings work?
0	Is Kristen Stewart a bad actress?  Why or why not?	Is Jennifer Lawrence a bad actress?
0	Why do some Japanese guys try to look feminine? Don't the girls find it gross?	Why have most of the guys in India become so desperate? Don't they know that girls don't always look for relationships? Would it hurt guys to become our friend first?
0	What are the five most popular sugar daddy websites?	What is it like to date a cougar or a sugar daddy?
0	What is the VTU 1st sem exam time table of 2016 (Dec)?	How do I frame my time table for 4 months to crack Gate 2016?
1	What is the best phone to buy below 15k?	Which are best mobile phones to buy under 15000?
1	How do we start a business?	How do I start business from nothing?
1	What's the best near-death experience you've ever had?	Has anyone ever had a near-death experience?
1	Why do I keep getting fleas from my dogs?	How can I keep my dog from getting fleas?
1	What year did the letter J come?	When was the Letter J created?
0	Harvard College Courses: What is general shopping advice for Turkish classes?	Harvard College Courses: What is general shopping advice for Tamil classes?
0	How do I send message from one Android phone to another Android phone through bluetooth?	How do I transfer my contacts from one Android phone to another Android phone?
1	What are the most important books ever written?	What is the most important book you have ever read?
0	What universities does Sigma Designs recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?	What universities does Sigma-Aldrich recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?
0	Can we do an M.Phil in India after doing Masters in UK (MA in Psychology)?	I'm a masters student interested to work in Humanitarian sector. What are the skills required? I'm a medical doctor doing my masters in UK
0	What universities does Powell Industries recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?	What universities does Chart Industries recruit new grads from? What majors are they looking for?
0	What are some of the best movie posters you have come across?	What are the best & iconic movie posters?
0	What are some examples of deuteromycota and how are they formed?	Could all bitcoin mining be done by a single Raspberry Pi?
0	How racist is too racist?	How racist are you?
0	Are there any differences between however and nevertheless?	What's the difference between between and among?
0	Are Canada Geese really Canadian?	What do Canadians call Canada?
0	How do I find the zeros of the polynomial function [math]f(x)=\dfrac{1}{2}x^{3}-3x[/math]?	How would you find the zero of the function for [math]y=\frac{4x^2 - 36x}{ x-9}[/math]?
0	How do I edit my devices on my Google play account?	How do I add a second device to a Google Play account?
1	How can I become a good speaker?	What should I do to be a good Speaker?
1	How can I write a letter to Mr. Narendra Modi?	How can I write to Narendra Modi?
0	Who is more electable in a general Presidential election: Donald Trump or Ted Cruz?	Who is more delusional: Donald Trump or Ted Cruz?
0	Why do they name bastards Snow?	If Jon Snow is not Ned's bastard, why does Lady Catelyn hate him so much?
1	What do you think about the Bermuda Triangle?	What are your theories about Bermuda Triangle?
0	Do Mexican girls like black guys?	Do girls like black guys with no beard?
0	Have you lived in a tiny house?	Would you live in a tiny house?
0	What is a boy/girl called when he/she is 1-6 years old, 6-11years old, 11-14 years old, and 14-18 years old?	I am an 18 years old boy and I love a girl who's 14 years old. We both live Tamil Nadu. Is this a time to propose to her?
0	Can you debeak cockerels at 8 months old?	How much and with what should I feed my 3 months old raven?
1	What should someone do to overcome anxiety?	What should I do to avoid depression and anxiety?
0	How do we avoid whey in Yogurt?	Is bad breath a sign of a strong stomach?
0	Im in love with my bisexual best friend who is also a guy and has a girlfriend, and I want to tell him. How do I move on?	I'm a girl and I'm in love my best friend (who is also a girl), what should I do?
0	What is the best university in Germany for an MS?	Which are the best universities in Germany for getting a degree in mechanical engineering?
1	How do I maintain my peace of mind?	How can I maintain my peace of mind?
0	Which car has good build quality in india?	Is Volkswagen a good reliable car?
0	Why does massaging one's temples soothe a migraine or headache?	What are the causes and most effective ways to treat or cure migraine headaches?
1	Which one is better among KMC Manipal and KMC Mangalore?	What is the brief comparison of KMC in Manipal and Mangalore?
0	Why are my bestfriend still ignoring me?	What should I do when my bestfriend is ignoring me?
0	What are the sensors available in Acer Liquid Z630S Android Smart phone by using CPU-Z App?	Which useful Android phone apps are not available in the Google Play store?
1	How do I keep motivation to learn a language?	How do you keep motivated when you learn a new language?
0	What are the top assessment companies in India?	Which are the top firms in Skills assessment industry in India and Globally?
0	What does @ mean as an emoticon?	Emoticons: What does “:/” mean?
0	Is a pinkish discharge normal in early pregnancy? What causes it?	What did nicholas piramal do with 17500 cr?
0	What are the best ways to properly finger yourself?	What would be the best way of keeping yourself amused in a prison?
0	How do scientists work?	Where do scientists work?
0	How many sponsored candidates are shortlisted for CMC vellore?	What is the office culture and woking at Patanjali office, haridwar?
1	What is the different between Chinese wedding ceremony and western wedding ceremony?	What is the difference between Chinese and Western style wedding?
0	What is the condition of tourism in Pakistan?	Preferable PG courses for BE (EEE) student in Tamil Nadu?
0	What is the different between offshore and onshore funds?	What is the difference between offshore and onshore?
1	Why should one hate Shahrukh Khan?	Why do people hate Shahrukh Khan and why do people feel that he is not an Indian?
1	What are the best self-help books you've ever read?	What are the top self help books I should read?
1	Is Evernote useful?	What is Evernote used for?
0	A title for my continuation to The Gift of the Magi?	How do I start my continuation for the Gift of the Magi?
1	What is a good song to lyric prank your best friend?	What are some good lyric prank songs to send your best friends?
0	I argued with my gf that she made friends with the person that hit on her. She said I'm a control freak and she wants her freedom. What should I do?	I'm a girl in middle school. My best friends are all girls. I've found out that I'm bisexual. How do I tell my best friend who's a girl without her freaking out and it changing our whole friendship?
1	How do I pass a drug test for methamphetamine?	Can hair dye help pass a hair follicle drug test for daily meth smokers?
1	How could start with open source development?	How should I start contributing to open source projects?
0	Why do dreams look so real?	If you dream about some kind of harm, will there be injuries in real life?
1	Do cricket players really drink tea on a tea break?	Do cricketers actually drink tea during tea break?
1	How can I get entry in MIT?	What are the requirements for selection into MIT?
1	Does a fetus breathe when it's inside a womb?	How does a fetus exhale in the womb?
1	What are movies with incest scenes?	Are there any good incest movie?
0	What are the signs that a guy has feelings for you or has a crush on you, but doesn't want to show it, so he hides it?	The guy I'm dating never texts me and I feel like he doesn't care about me but when I see him he shows me he likes me and wants me. Why do I feel this way?
0	According to the International Federation of Robotics, how many robots existed in 2012?	What type of belt can be used to lift 200 Kg continuously?
0	Why is Oberon mad at Titania in "A Midsummer Night's Dream"?	Why does Oberon punish Titania in "A Midsummer Night's Dream"?
1	Do you regret your divorce?	Have you ever regretted your divorce?
1	How much does your DNA change over time? If I were to clone myself 70 years from now, will the clone have the same hair color?	How much can a person's DNA change from birth to death in a life span of approximately 70 years?
0	Is it right to tell a girl the you have feelings for her?	What are some cool facts about Facebook?
1	Is Donald Trump taking cocaine, as Howard Dean suggests?	Are there any strong indications that Donald Trump does cocaine?
0	Is it true that in order to be part of an elite or just rich and successful, you have to join a secret organisation otherwise no chance at all?	What is the syllabus for ICSE 2017 geography map?
0	Which is more financially beneficial: being in a firm or teaching in an architecture college?	Why might career training programs be more beneficial than a college degree, if at all, to aspiring entrepreneurs and tycoons?
1	How can I see the Comedy Nights with Kapil live show?	What is the way to watch Comedy Nights with Kapil live on the sets?
0	Why is sandeep maheshwari not on Quora?	Who is Sandeep Maheshwari?
0	What is the biggest monster in Monster Hunter?	Is there a Monster Hunter PC game?
0	How can I convince people to stop blaspheming against the Holy Spirit?	Does it matter from which college you do your graduation (BCom) from for admission into a top Indian B-School even If I score high(99%+)?
0	Why can't I stop watching porn?	Why should / shouldn't I watch porn?
0	How can I start trusting any one?	How can one learn to trust again?
1	What's your bucket list?	What is your bucket list?
1	How did you first come across porn?	How were you first introduced to porn?
0	Which car services are available in Normal, IL? How good are they compared to taxis and relative to each other?	Which car services are available in Atlanta? How good are they compared to taxis and relative to each other?
0	Why can’t charged molecules pass through the lipid cell membrane?	Why can't sodium channels pass through potassium channels?
0	How does it feel to be a spouse of a renowned porn star?	How can I get rid of the feeling that my spouse is cheating on me?
0	What is the best hostel booking affiliate program?	Which is the best non AC girls hostel in Srm?
0	How can the drive from Brooklyn to Staten Island be described, and how do these cities' tourist attractions compare to those in Queens?	How can the drive from Brooklyn to Staten Island be described, and how do these cities' tourist attractions compare to other tourist attractions?
1	What can I eat every day to be more healthy?	Is it healthy to eat a whole avocado every day?
0	How do I make free calls to family members on Airtel Andhra Pradesh?	How do I get Facebook badge notifications on HTC 10?
1	What would Hillary Clinton do now that the election is over?	What will Hillary Clinton do now?
1	Should I use Vicks Vapor Rub for a stuffy nose?	How do you apply Vicks Vapor rub to treat a stuffy nose?
1	How I start prepare for UGC net English literature latest syllabus?	How do I prepare for Net JRF in English literature?
0	How did early Europeans get protein before the Columbian Exchange?	How did they say breakfast in Portuguese before coffee was introduced to Europeans & the Portuguese language?
0	What is the best forum for graphic designers?	Who is the best graphic designer in israel?
0	Is Alex Jones a satirical show?	How is The Canterbury Tales a satire?
0	Should I learn AngularJS 1.5 instead of AngularJS 2 if I don't know TypeScript?	Which should I start with: Angular 2 or AngularJS 1?
0	Why can't we fall asleep on some days?	Why do we fall asleep?
0	Which Marvel movies have not included Stan Lee cameos?	What is your favourite Stan Lee cameo in a Marvel film?
1	What are your views on Modi governments decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How will this affect economy?	What are your views on ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
0	What does the 10/6 label on the Mad Hatter's hat mean?	How do you find a figure labeled this way in a textbook?
0	Who wrote the Kars for Kids jingle?	I am a freelance musician. How can I get into the jingle industry?
1	Why is Saltwater Taffy candy imported in Greece?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in China?
1	What are the minimum requirements to enter MIT?	How can I join MIT?
0	How do you answer a question on Quora?	What is the best thing you've ever learned on Quora?
1	Israel vs Iran: who would win?	If Israel and Iran went to war, who would win?
1	When is it too late to learn the piano?	I'm almost 40. Is it too late for me to learn piano?
0	What are natural numbers?	What is a least natural number?
0	Is One Plus 3T 4G VoLTE enabled phone?	Which phone to buy Moto m or one plus 3t?
0	How do I enter a new email ID which I can access to recover my Facebook ID?	I lost all my ID. I am adopted and can't access my original birth certificate. How do I replace my ID without even a birth certificate?
1	How we can travel faster than light?	Is it possible to travel faster than light?
1	What is it like being a firefighter?	What's it like to be a firefighter?
0	What are the factors that causes data inconsistency in distributed platform/application?	What are the main data platform?
0	What are the differences between POCSO and sexual offenses in the IPC?	Do we need the IPC section 375?
0	What is an alternative for the word "is"?	What is the alternative word for creative?
0	What is considered an illegal screen in the NBA?	Shaquille O'Neal considers Tim Duncan a power forward therefore disqualifying Duncan from the NBA great big men discussion. Does O'Neal have a point?
0	Nothing excites me anymore. How do I regain that excitement?	Why do I feel like I'm excited about something when I have nothing to be excited about?
1	What are the life lessons that Batman teaches us?	What are the life lessons you can learn from the dark knight?
1	How do you stop a criminal's attempt to kidnap you so you escape unharmed?	How do you stop a criminal's attempt to kidnap you and escape unharmed?
1	How do I sell on Amazon?	How do I start selling on Amazon?
1	Daniel Ek: When an we expect Spotify in India?	Daniel Ek: Are there any future plans of releasing Spotify in India?
1	What are the top 10 books one should read in his or her early 20s?	What books are worth reading in early 20s?
1	Which book should I start with for the GATE preparation?	What book do I start with for GATE preparation?
0	What does the phrase "He who does not love abides in death" exactly mean?	What does the phrase "love begets love" mean?
1	What is similar to 4Shared?	What is similar to 4shared but better?
0	Can you get high if someone touches weed and then you shake their hand and then you eat something with that same hand?	If someone grabs you by your shirt with both their hands and tells you to shut up, is that assault and can you call the police?
0	Considering the current trend of information technology what is the future of print media?	What is this model's name? I see her everywhere.
0	What is the best recipe for chicken pizza?	What are some good pizza recipes?
1	What are some good places to learn mountaineering in India?	What are some good mountaineering institutes for a beginner level mountaineering course?
0	Do new table tennis balls damage rubbers?	How do you unlock a car with a tennis ball?
0	My new Xbox one S can't connect to internet during setup. Any solutions?	Can I withdraw my money from any branch of particular bank .my bank is bank of Baroda I have no Atm card and cheque book?
0	Is it wrong for me to be content with my life?	What is a cover story?
0	Is gravity only a theory?	According to the M-theory, there are 11 dimensions. Why are only 5 dimensions in regards to gravity addressed in Interstellar?
0	How could I become a fighter pilot when I have less than the required eyesight?	I have terrible eyesight. Can I still become a fighter pilot in the Air Force?
0	Operation executive salary in Infosys?	How do I do the Wake Back To Bed lucid dreaming technique when I think I have restless leg syndrome (regardless, my legs hurt at night.)?
0	Have cavemen been scientifically tested?	Have mythical creatures been scientifically tested?
1	Can climate change be reversed?	Can the global climate change be reversed or halted?
0	How should ask my crush for her number?	What should I ask my crush?
0	Why do I believe that gravitation force exist?	Does gravitational force exists in all planets?
1	Did Mahabharata really happen?	Did Mahabharata really happen or only an allegory according to M.K.Gandhi?
0	Can Congress stop Presidents from starting a major war?	What's a good source to purchase Attorneys eMail addresses? Thanks
0	Is it safe to lose 25 pounds in 1 month?	Is it healthy to lose 13 pounds in a month?
0	What are some cute shounen ai series?	When will the Pokémon series end?
1	Why are police lights red and blue?	Why are police lights red and/or blue?
1	How do I post a question that was marked as needing improvement?	Why was my question marked as "needs improvement?"
0	Who owns nature?	Who owns Natural Factors?
0	How can I install OBB/data file on an Android?	I want to install EXE extension files in Android mobile. Is it possible?
0	What is garbage value? And Why do we get garbage value in c?	What is garbage value in c?
1	How do I prepare for software interviews?	What are the best ways to prepare for software interviews?
1	Does Rahul Gandhi have any chance to become next PM of India after Modi?	Does Rahul Gandhi have chances to become next Pm of India after Modi?
0	Is noon 12 am or 12 pm?	Is it good to do gym at morning and swimming at noon?
1	What is the difference between a comet and an asteroid?	What is the difference between asteroids and comets?
0	Is chocolate milk good for you?	Why is unrefrigerated milk good for you?
1	How should I study	What are some tricks to study effectively?
0	Which country is best for higher education and work?	Which is the best country for higher education after USA and UK?
0	What is the painting on this image?	What is this painting?
0	Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Tennessee?	Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Texas?
0	What's beyond our Universe?	If space is expanding, where does the new space come from?
0	Is growing of hair a physical or a chemical change?	Can a bald person ever grow their hair back?
0	What is the difference between culture and history?	How is chili different between cultures?
0	What does it mean when a guy says I like you?	What does it mean when a guy says "Be safe"?
1	What makes a programmer "good?"	What makes a good programmer great?
0	What will most likely cause World War III?	Is World War III imminent?
1	Is civil war likely after the US presidential election?	Is the US at risk of some type of uprising after the election?
0	Which European country is the best for asylum seekers?	What are the best countries for whistleblowers to seek asylum?
1	Where and how do the crop circles get generated?	What are crop circles?
1	Will baking soda help pass a urine test?	How does baking soda help you pass a drug test?
1	What is Zika virus and how is it transmitted?	How is Zika virus spread?
1	What is the best way to learn algebra by yourself?	How do you learn algebra 1 fast?
0	How does it feel to retake a class in college?	Does retaking subjects in college affect future job prospects?
0	Does Google Display Network require any site to have it SEO (on-page and off-page optimized) first before they can proceed with GDN? Is this possible?	How can I get my name off the first page on Google search?
0	How hard is it to fake appearing "spiritual" in a Christian community?	Why did the Battle of Agincourt happen? How does it compare to the Battle of Edge Hill?
0	What is an actinomorphic flower?	Flowers: What is vaijanti?
1	What is the best place for sex?	What is the best place to have sex from?
0	Do people with anemia die younger?	Does anemia increase irritability?
1	How do you feel about the new MacBook Pro, late 2016?	Should I get the new Macbook Pro?
0	Does covering your head while sleeping cause brain damage?	Does binge drinking cause long term brain damage?
1	What are the major differences between Chinese culture and western cultures?	What is the difference between Chinese and western culture?
1	What are scraping techniques?	What are some good free web scrapers / scraping techniques?
0	I am 29Y old. I have diabetic Type 2. Recently my sugar level was increased to 150 (fasting). I do exercise and eat whole grains. why this happening?	Where can I find the best Security Cameras?
1	Is it healthy to eat egg whites every day?	Is it healthy to eat one chicken every day?
0	What words rank the highest on Dictionary.com's difficulty index?	Can Hindi words get a place in the Oxford dictionary?
0	Why can't I feel remorse or empathy at all?	Why do I not feel remorse?
0	How many minutes of cardio a day should I do?	How many minutes of yoga can be done in a day?
0	Why is my dog biting me?	Why did my dog bite me?
0	How can I treat a severe foot sprain?	How can I get a severe foot sprain?
0	How can a severe crick in the neck be treated?	What are some symptoms of a severe crick in the neck?
1	What are the best places to recommend foreigners to visit in Nepal?	What are the best places to visit in Nepal?
0	Who do I activate the dlc of skyrim in a laptop? Ive got it working on my computer after doing the command lines, but did the same on laptop, to no use..	I'm tired of the laptops Ive bought getting old and slow after 2ish years. Do desktops degrade as quickly? Will getting a solid state drive laptop/desktop help increase its longevity?
0	How should I prepare for HSBC GLT placement tests?	Which company should I choose, HSBC (GLT) or Cybage Software?
0	Did any Indian writers/authors ever use a pen name?	How badly did Donald Trump miscalculate his run would have on his "brand" value?
0	How do I register institute providing training in various programming languages for vocational courses as it will exempt it from the service tax?	How much marks should I score in SSC cpo to get Delhi police?
1	How imminent is world war III?	Are we heading toward World War 3?
1	How do you write a song?	How do I write a song?
1	What could be Narendra Modi's next move after demonetization?	What is next step after demonetization?
1	If you have me, you want to share me. If you share me, you haven't got me. What am I?	If you have me, you want to share me. If you share me, you don't get me. What am I?
1	What is an interesting fact that you know and I don't, but shouldn't?	What is the most interesting fact that most people don't know about?
0	What is the problem with controlled fusion?	Why haven't we developed a fusion reactor capable of generating more energy than it consumes? What are the problems we face?
1	Where do I find 3ds emulator for android?	Is there a working Nintendo 3DS emulator for PC?
0	I want to start my clothes boutique in India, from where can I buy cheap wholesale clothes?	Where can I buy cheap clothes in bulk?
1	How can I become a true computer science engineer?	How do I become a good computer science engineer?
0	Is it necessary to unlock bootloader before rooting Android phones?	How ClockWorkMod works for phones NOT having bootloader unlocked?
0	What is bss engineer?	Is it right option from being Android Developer to become Translator after 3 years in software development field?
0	Why do I get punished by Quora moderators when I put Israel and Judaism in a negative light?	How do I excel in computer sciece & programing without wasting four years in CS degree in Indian engineering college?
1	What can you do in lucid dreams?	How was your experience of Lucid dreaming?
0	What does it feel like to be beautiful?	What does it feel like to be attractive and desired by many?
0	Is it possible to do CA after 12th Science?	What should be done further to apply for Ph.D fellowship from a government institution if I have cleared TIFR GS 2016 written test?
1	How can I hack someones whatsapp account?	How can I hack another WhatsApp account?
0	What is it like to study math at UCLA?	Could USC buy UCLA?
1	What is the best lesson in life?	What is the most important lesson you have learned from life?
0	What are some Interesting mobile apps?	What are the best mobile apps for recruiters?
1	How will Trump's presidency affect Indian students who are planning to do a PhD in the US?	How would Trump presidency affect Indian students in the US?
0	What are the various Batman movies in the series? (In order)	What is the order of the Batman: Arkham games?
1	What are the best daily life hacks one can use to make his life easy?	What are the hacks in daily life?
0	How much weight will I lose by not eating for a week?	How much weight do I lose by purging after every time I eat?
1	What is your favourite anime character and why?	What is your favorite anime character? And why?
0	How do ATM machines work internally?	How does ATM transaction work?
1	How many Mechanical Engineers graduate from India per year?	How many mechanical engineers graduate per year in India?
1	How do I start a successful private equity firm?	What do you need to start your own private equity firm?
0	What are most underrated date activities?	What is the most underrated activity?
0	What are some common facts every mechanical engineer should know?	What should all mechanical engineering students know?
1	What can be the medium budget to visit best places in Kerala for three members (2-3 days)?	What are the best places to visit in Kerala for college students?
0	Why is Quora Digest filled with questions about Google, IQ, and China?	Why are there so many questions about IQ questions on Quora?
0	How would you destroy the world?	How can I destroy the world?
1	How can I earn money from YouTube?	How do I make money through YouTube?
0	What are the differences between particles and molecules?	How can I entirely turn off syntax highlighting in Sublime Text for Golang?
0	On Facebook, how can I add mutual friends?	Can I see an ordered list of the people with whom I share the most mutual friends on Facebook?
0	What is Russian president Vladmir Putin like as a person, to his closest friends and family?	When did Putin become a public person, and what was his "rise to fame" like?
0	How do I start writing again?	How do I start writing?
1	If time started because of the big bang happening then how could the big bang start because there was no time for the big bang to start?	How did the Big Bang happen when there wasn't any time for it to happen in?
0	How does it feel to be in a relationship than being single and how does our life changes when we are in a relationship?	Why do I want to stay single all my life after my breakup? Why do I feel like I am done with this serious relationship thing?
1	How can I start civil service exam preparation from scratch?	When should I start preparing for the civil service exam?
0	What are the non-invasive blood glucose monitoring systems abroad?	What are the non-invasive blood glucose monitoring systems in India?
1	What is the difference in pleasure between masturbation and sex?	What is the difference between sex and masturbation when it comes to pleasure?
0	What does "the more things change the more they stay the same" mean?	Why do some people believe that life ends at death?
0	How do I start a solar energy business in egypt?	How do I start solar energy business?
0	Can my PC with specs 2 GB DDR2@ RAM, Intel Core Duo 3.5 GHz, NVidia GeForce GT 610 3gb DDR3 run Assassin's Creed Syndicate and GTA V?	Does web Methods has future after 5 to 10 years from now?
1	Do you have any psychic abilities?	Do you have psychic power?
0	How do I manage time for studies?	How do you manage time between work and study?
0	What is the academic calendar at XLRI?	Is it possible to give usmele step 1 after 8 years of gap?
1	What is your take on Urjit Patel as the new RBI governor?	Is Urjit Patel is right person for RBI Governor?
0	Why do you want to be to president?	Would you want to be President?
0	Why India does not have friendly relations with it's neighbouring countries?	How are India's relations with the U.S.A.?
1	Do Trump voters care that he has reneged all his campaign promises?	How will Trump supporters react once they realize he can't or won't keep his campaign promises?
1	Can I learn while sleeping? If so, how?	How can I efficiently learn while sleeping?
0	Can you play Asian Playstation 4 games on a European Playstation?	Can you play Asian Playstation 4 games on a European Playstation 4?
1	How do I stop being addicted to porn?	How can I stop watching porn?
0	Why did British engineering and manufacturing skills decline so dramatically in the 60s, 70s and 80s, especially when compared with Germany's?	Why did the UK have bad living standards in the 70s/80s, but better now?
0	How do I work with machine learning researchers after graduation?	How can undergraduate help with machine learning research?
0	What is the future for iOS Developers?	As of 2015, what is the future of iOS development?
1	What is the meaning of life? Whats our purpose on Earth?	What do you feel is the purpose of life?
0	How do I be a boyfriend?	How does a girl get a boyfriend?
1	How is time travel possible?	Do you think time travel is possible?
1	How can one get a fuller face?	How do I do to get fuller face?
1	Is it too late for me at the age of 25 thinking to start a career in photography?	I want to start my career as a photographer at age of 25. Is it too late?
1	What’s the best time to have sex?	When will the best time for having sex?
0	Can we weld steel and aluminum together?	Why can't steel and aluminum be welded together?
0	Which YouTube video has the highest like/dislike ratio?	How is it possible for a YouTube video to have more likes/dislikes than views?
0	What is solution to Kashmir issue?	Is it possible for the Sharif government to resolve the conflicts in Kashmir?
0	If you dug a hole through the earth, and came out the other side what would happen?	If I dug a huge hole in the ground in a straight line what would happen when I reach the opposite side of the Earth? Would my head or my feet come out first?
1	Can we create free energy?	How do we make free energy?
0	What should I do for Web design?	What Is Web Design?
1	What's the funniest highbrow joke you've ever heard?	What are the funniest jokes / stories you ever heard?
0	How do I find the phenotypic ratio?	What is a phenotype ratio?
0	Why does Saturn benefit a house it sits in slowly?	Why does time seem to pass so slowly when you are in a boring lecture?
0	Who is the most academically qualified Bollywood celebrity?	Which bollywood celebrity has his/her own jet?
0	Is there a difference in quality between wired and wireless headphones? If so, why?	What are the differences between having BOSE headphones in the ear and around the ear?
1	What are some movies that everyone needs to watch at least once in life?	What movies would you recommend everyone to watch?
1	Can World War 3 ever take place?	Is World War 3 more imminent than expected?
1	How can eating prunes help during a constipation?	Does eating prunes help with constipation?
0	You have given all statement as correct in UNCCD question in CSE prelim 2016. While many coachings have taken 2nd statement as wrong.?	Have you ever been told any condescending statement by your elders to prove their point in question ?
0	What would be today’s technology had we never realized the value of binary numbers and harnessed it to produce digital technology?	Would the world be less technologically advanced if the two world wars had never occurred?
0	What is the best way to invest in oil and natural gas?	What is the minimum investment If I want to buy oil and gas royalties?
0	Is Arnab Goswami pro-BJP?	Are Quorans supportive of Modi?
0	What are some good sources for learning NuGet?	What is a good source to learn mathematica?
0	How would do you describe a person with lots of interests?	What are some examples of how to describe a person in a positive light?
0	Is it possible to turn off indicator light on a dahua camera?	What happens when you fly into a country but they refuse you entry?
1	Why is Barack Obama so important for the world?	Why is Barack Obama so important to the world?
1	What is the reason Pakistan supports terrorism?	Has Pakistan become a safe haven for global terrorism?
1	How do I can stop hairfall?	How can I stop hairfall?
1	In your opinion, what is the best classical song of all time?	What's the best classical music piece of all time?
0	What are some unusual aspects about politics and government in Hungary?	What are some unusual aspects about politics and government in Singapore?
0	What is the aim?	What is the aim of science?
0	How should I respond to my boss who fired me via email?	Is it okay to fire someone via email?
0	What are cheap and budget stay options in North Goa?	What are some nice budget places to stay in Goa?
1	Is there any other website similar to Quora?	Are there any website like Quora?
1	What are the conditions in European refugee camps?	How are the conditions inside European Refugee Camps?
0	What is the opposite of "homebird"?	What is the opposite of take off?
0	How do you know that your fiance loves you?	What are the things that you love the most about your fiance?
0	Can somebody explain to me how to do this problem with steps?	Can somebody explain to me how to do with steps this little problem?
1	How do I develop my presence of mind?	How can I increase my presence of mind?
0	Mathematical Fallacies: What is wrong in this proof that 2+2 = 5?	How would mathematics change had 2 plus 2 been equal to 5?
0	Will it help CIBIL score if I pay off my written-off amount?	Does my CIBIL score gets impacted if I only pay the minimum due amount?
0	Should the Hobbit be considered a canonical Tolkien work?	What is the proper, canonical spelling of Middle-earth in Tolkien's works?
0	What do Japanese think about Malaysian?	What do Malaysians think about indians?
0	Is the Har Ki Dun trek easy?	Can I take 10 month baby to base camp of Har ki dun trek?
1	What are the good websites to learn C programming for begineer?	How can we learn c programming?
1	Will the Supreme Court's decision of playing the National Anthem before movie screenings affect your patriotism?	What are your views on the supreme court's decision to make playing national anthem mandatory in cinema halls?
0	If the United States has a female president, will her husband be called the first gentleman? What will Bill Clinton be called if Hillary is elected?	If a single woman were elected President of the United States, would she have a First Lady or First Gentleman?
0	How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online web and video courses related to filmmaking & production developed by Indian professors?	How can I get MOOCs/E-learning through online web and video courses related to photography developed by Indian professors?
0	Mobile Number Portability finally will start on May 3. Do network providers really agree to this?	Mobile number portability finally will start on May 3rd, including changing circles. Have network providers really agreed to this?
1	Why do people hate twilight saga?	Why do people hate Twilight so much?
0	Do you believe imperialism left a positive or negative legacy in the Indian subcontinent and in Africa?	Stepping into corporate life from being a student. How does that feel?
0	Why is C the best programming language?	Lua and C, which one is the best programming language for embedded systems?
1	How can I improve my spoken English ability?	How can I improve my English speaking .?
0	How can I have gay sex?	How can I be gay and dislike gay sex?
0	I'm transferring to a school with a US curriculum (taking the IBDP) from a Philippine school w/ a percent average grading system. How do I get my GPA?	I am in tenth grade at a high school in Ontario, Canada. I would really love to do an exchange with a student from Europe. Any ideas on how I can go about doing this?
1	How do I make money with YouTube?	How do I make money through YouTube?
1	How do I find love in life?	How do I find the love of my life?
0	Which option is better to reduce weight, swimming or gym?	Is it possible to burn 1000 calories each day? If yes, how?
1	Is there any way to get rid of gynecomastia?	How can I get rid of man boobs?
0	Which payment gateway in Saudi that using to collect and pay money from/to multiple ?	Which are all the stress free, relatively easy to get jobs in India that pay a decent sum of money and allow you to pursue other interests?
1	Are there any scientific reasons behind Hindu temples?	What is the scientific reason behind visiting temples?
0	Is (male) circumcision required in Islam?	Is circumcision allowed in Islam?
1	Where can I get super high quality photos for any photo booth services in Sydney?	Where can I get professional photo booths service in Sydney?
0	How can I find out whom I sent a friend request to on Instagram?	How do you send a friend request on Instagram?
1	How can I control on my anger?	How can someone control their anger?
0	What are genders?	What is Gender Profiling?
1	How do I get off Quora?	How do get out of Quora?
0	How long can raw and cooked sausage last refrigerated?	How long does onigiri last if left refrigerated? How can it be kept longer?
1	What are the best available smartphones gadgets?	What are some of the best smartphones technology gadgets?
1	How does it feel to be a closeted gay in India?	How does it feel to be homosexual in India?
0	Can we switch roles at Amazon?	How important is the role of TPM at Amazon?
1	What happens if dictatorship is continuing in the present days?	What happens if a dictatorship continues in the present day?
1	What makes a great cup of coffee great?	What makes a perfect cup of coffee?
1	Is the US election rigged?	Was the US election rigged?
0	Why hasn't Gayle Laakmann McDowell/careercup created a MOOC or a coding bootcamp?	Is Gayle Laakmann McDowell planning on publishing any more books? If so, what is she working on?
0	What is fermentation? What are some products of fermentation?	What are some fermented products?
0	What do you think about my short film, "ColorShift"?	What do you think about my short film?
0	Should there be a war between India and Pakistan for Kashmir?	Why is there a conflict between India and Pakistan on Kashmir?
0	What is the best way to get you food stamp card?	How can I get food stamps in college?
0	What are some real world example of encapsulation and abstraction and how are they different, yet related?	What are some examples of recursion in the real world?
0	What are ways to deal with fabricate security and insurance of android application?	How do find best applications for android security?
0	What is the best accordion for beginners to learn on?	How difficult would it be to learn how to play the accordion if I know how to play the piano?
0	Role of junior leaders in Indian army?	What is the role of the Indian army?
1	What's your opinion about the decision on removal of 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes?	What is the use of demonetizing Rs. 500 & Rs. 1000 notes?
1	What are some of the most mind-blowing facts about Bengaluru?	What are some interesting facts about Bengaluru?
0	If both the parents have blood group B+, can the child have A+?	If both my parents have blood group B+ can I be A+?
1	Which book is best for Neet chemistry?	Which is the best book for chemistry for NEET?
0	What is the essence of enlightenment?	What is enlightenment?
1	Why are so many questions posted to Quora that are so easily answered by using Google?	Why do many Quora users ask questions they could look up online?
0	How should I answer if an interviewer asks me to sell a pen or any other product as I am pursuing a MBA?	What should be the answer if your interviewer asks you to sell his pen in front of him?
0	What are some great side dishes for a minestrone soup?	68.44% of product passes the process spec.To pass, the product must be close to average. How many standard deviations away does 68.44% represent?
0	How much is the maximum gold you can take when flying from India to USA?	Why don't we fly east to go from India to USA?
0	If my reservation status is RAC, does it mean the seat has been confirmed?	My family tickets have changed from RAC to CNF (Confirmed), will all of us have adjacent seats? After preparation of charts?
0	How does a new website protect its design and user interface from copycats?	What is a way to design a beautiful user interface?
0	How can I improve my skills?	How do I improve my learning skills?
0	Is it possible to use SPI between AVR and Raspberry pi?	What are the uses of Raspberry Pi and Intel Galileo?
1	Which are the best movies of 2016?	What is your best 2016 movie?
1	What would be effect of 500 and 1000 Rs notes ban?	Why Central Govt banned old 500 and 1000 Rs note, but issued new 500 and 2000 Rs note?
0	What are some of the best photos?	What is a good photo?
0	Why students run away from home?	Why do people run away from home?
0	In C++, what are access modifiers?	What are access modifiers in Java?
0	Can you analyze history, or is it unscientific?	Can poetry be learned? Or is it a “you have it or not" sort of thing?
0	What are some interesting theories about life after death?	What is the truth about life after death since there are some unconfirmed examples?
0	Do I need to get a tetanus shot again?	Do I need to get a tetanus shot?
1	How light bend with gravity?	If gravity bends light, can light bend gravity?
0	What does it mean to hike up your skirt?	What are some cute ways to cut up a skirt?
0	How many new cars are sold by Maserati in the US each year?	Has Lotus actually sold any cars in the US over the last 10 year?
1	How do you send a private message to someone you're following on Quora?	How do I send another person a message on Quora?
1	How do you train a white Pitbull with brown spots?	How do I train White Pitbulls?
0	What is the difference between a turkey and a chicken?	Why does turkey have darker, more flavorful dark meat than chicken?
1	What are some of the most surreal questions asked on Quora?	What is the most surreal question on Quora?
0	What is the difference between IT and computer science engineering?	What are the differences between computer science and computer engineering?
1	When will the best time for having sex?	What would be the best time to have sex?
1	How can I consult a good free online astrologer?	Are there any good free online astrologers?
0	Why we don't feel sympathy towards everyone?	Why don't I feel like talking to anyone?
1	Why do brothers hate sisters?	Why do we hate our sisters?
0	What is the best site for downloading Kannada films in torrent form?	What's a good torrent site to download games from?
0	What are some of the most gruesome causes of death?	What causes death by hanging?
0	What is latency in telecom?	How does WiFi latency compare to Wired Ethernet?
0	Is senior residency at Hindu Rao Hospital teaching experience?	I am studying BS Computer science. I am in 7th semester and can't pass the basic programming course. Wasted alot money?
0	What behavioral adaptations do pandas have?	What behavioral adaptations do red pandas have?
1	Is Textile Engineering Good?	Is textile engineering good or not?
0	What is the fastest production car?	What is the world's fastest street legal car?
0	How magnets are made?	What are magnets made of?
0	What's the street value of A332?	What is true value?
0	What are the qualifications for being an FBI or CIA agent?	What does it take to become an FBI agent?
0	What is the best operating system for the PC in 2014?	What is the best operating system for PC?
0	Why are major Indian TV channels absent in northeast?	How many TV channels are there in the world?
0	Hypothetical scenario: Our actual credit card system & banking never existed before. How would you implement a digital currency on the Internet today?	What are some inventions from the Neolithic Age?
1	How does Quora quickly mark questions as needing improvement?	Why does Quora mark my questions as needing improvement/clarification before I have time to give it details? Literally within seconds…
1	How will I contact a good hacker?	How can I hire a hacker?
0	What are the best horror novel in 2016?	What are some of the best horror novels of 2014?
0	What is the most beautiful thing that you have ever seen?	What is the most beautiful thing ever built?
0	What are the most important things for living a good life?	Why should I live?
1	What is the meaning and purpose to life?	What is the exact meaning of life?
1	What should I do when my friends betray me?	What can I do when my friend betrayed me?
1	I'm 15 year old my height is 5 feet 7 inches and my weight is 50 kg what should I do to gain weight?	I am 22, my weight is 46 kg and my height is 5.4 ft. What should I do to gain height and weight?
1	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in China?	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Laos?
0	Is there a different price over the Internet than in person when trying to book a room in Mexico City from the US?	Why is Mexico City dangerous?
0	Why did Venuetastic fail?	How much does it cost to book a good wedding venue?
0	Which were some of the most amazing responses you have got with Cortana, Siri or Amazon Echo?	What are some of the most amazing concepts given by theoretical physicists which cannot be proved in reality or are too advanced to prove with available resources/technologies?
0	What is most important in life - money or values?	What is more important money or respect?
1	Who are the best hackers in India?	Who is best Indian hacker?
1	Should the Indian education system be changed?	Do we need to change the  education system of India? If yes then why?
0	What are the multiple uses of hollow columns?	What is the standard size of a column for building?
0	Which are some commonly mispronounced words?	What are some of the most commonly mispronounced English words?
0	Why is it that every teen girl has a crush on her mathematics teacher? Is it the intelligence or their behavior?	Do girls get crushes on their male teachers?
1	Is it too late to go to medical school and become a doctor?	Is it too late to go to medical school at 24?
0	Where can I buy best quality commercial innerspring sofa bed in Chatswood West?	Where can I get quality services for cleaning paint and paint removal in Chatswood?
0	If you screenshot someone's Instagram video, will they get notified that you screenshotted it?	If I screenshot someone's live video on Instagram do they get notified?
1	What government exams, other than the GATE, can final year computer science students give?	What government exams, other than the GATE can average mark final year computer science students give?
0	What sentences use all 26 letters without any repeats?	Pangrams: In English, using all the letters of the alphabet exactly once, and picking one dictionary, can you make a sentence, or any set of common English words?
0	What is the effect of hypodensity of white matter in parietal lobe of brain?	How do I increase grey matter in the brain?
0	What is your job and your salary? Are you satisfied with your current job?	My IQ is currently 83. Can I get a high paying job or ever get a six figure salary job?
1	Psychopaths: Do you find babies cute?	Do psychopaths find babies cute?
0	What is the opera song with a choir used for horror movies?	What are an opera choir's rights? Do we get paid for rehearsals? Are we entitled to catering throughout rehearsals, etc. (part of an opera company)?
0	Would a woman in the Catholic Church be shunned or ostracized for having a sexual relationship with a priest?	What would happen if a woman sued the Catholic Church for not allowing them to become a priest?
0	If a Canadian gets a tattoo in America, do they have to declare the cost when returning to Canada?	I'm a Canadian PR that just finished studying in the US. I got offered an H1-B. Should I take the offer or return to Canada?
1	How can I see who blocked me at Facebook?	Will I see if someone blocked me of Facebook?
0	Why has there been a scarcity of high quality fantasy films?	Briefly describe how you would test a mineral for each of these properties?
1	Who are some of great coders from Tamil Nadu?	Are there any competitive coders from Tamil Nadu?
0	What do think of when you hear the word elect?	What do you think when you hear the word, "Japan"?
0	Which is the best programming language to learn in 2017?	How should you start learning programming?
1	What is the ultimate way to serve humanity?	How can one serve humanity?
0	How can I calculate 72 hours from now?	How do I calculate a semester percentage from SGPA in ITER?
0	How hard was it for Jimmy Wales to immigrate to the UK?	Why does Jimmy Wales choose to reside in London instead of the US?
0	Cochin to London etihad is the change over time of 1hr sufficient in Dubai?	What is difference between China and the United States to send gifts?
0	What is Quora's algorithm for sorting answers to a single question?	How does the ranking of answers on Quora work?
1	What will be the resolution one should have for the year 2016?	What's your resolution for year 2016?
1	What are Balaji Viswanathan's views on caste based reservations in India?	What is Balaji Vishwanathan's view on caste based reservation system in India?
0	Jawed habib haircut prices?	DO YOU THINK IF MY TREE FALLS ON YOUR PROPERTY IT SHOULD BE MYINE OR YOUR RESPONSABILITY?
0	Does any one have ebook of answers of wren and Martin grammer and composition?	Why did barvaria join Germany?
0	What is [math]x[/math] if [math]x+\left(\dfrac{1}{x}\right) =0[/math]?	What is [math]\mathop {\lim}\limits_{x \to 0^+}\frac{1}{x}^\frac{-x}{x+1}[/math]?
0	Whenever its about “her” its a very special feeling. Tried hard to forget her but she's alwys spcl. Should I stop talking to her even as a friend ?	How should I stop thinking about someone?
1	What are Mutual funds? How do they work?	What is mutual fund all about?
0	How has the vertebral column anatomy changed through time?	When calculating bullet spin; MV X 12 (twist rate in inches) X 60=RPM, does distance to target matter?
0	Which acoustic bass guitar is the best?	How do you go about maintaining an acoustic bass guitar?
0	Which universities in the US offer more management content in the management information systems curriculum?	Which universities in the US offer a more technical content in the management information systems curriculum?
0	My maths have become extremely weak and I am in class 12th. How can I improve my maths so that I can clear my JEE exams next year?	I want to do a BBA. I only got 62% in class 12 (non maths). I am taking 1 year drop for the entrance exam of Symbiosis, GGSIPU, etc. Should I also give an improvement next year?
0	What is a "function" in the context of functional programming?	What is functional programming?
1	What is the main difference between socialism and communism.?	What is the difference between socialism, marxism, and communism?
1	How do I change my Facebook password?	How can I log in Facebook without password?
0	How is the word 'valiant' used in a sentence?	How is the word 'contorted' used in a sentence?
0	Why I feel dizzy when I am playing some 3D games but others do not make me feel like this? Are there any tricks in developing 3D games to avoid this?	3D Rad: How can I make a mission-based game?
0	How do payroll companies make money?	How companies make money?
0	What are the most underrated and overrated movies you've seen?	What are the most overrated movies?
0	For what use cases do you think deep learning and neural networks overkill and simpler models work better in practice?	In deep Q learning, how we update the weight in neural network?
1	Which one to learn, C++ or C#?	Which should I learn first: C++ or C#?
0	Will a Fitbit accurately track my activity if I am riding a bike?	What is the most accurate wearable item for activity  on the market today (i.e. Jawbone or Fitbit)?
1	What is the best evidence for a historical Jesus?	What is the evidence for and against the existence of the historical Jesus?
0	Which free online language classes would allow me to go from 0 to fluent in Portuguese given their provided courses of study?	Suggest me some free online courses that provides certificates?
0	How do the PM and Prez get women?	I worked for 1month and absconded from accenture within bond period will they take any legal action?will it effect when joining other company?
1	What are some of the best part-time jobs where you can work from home and make some good cash?	What are some of the best paid part time jobs that can be done from home?
1	Does Trump have a chance at winning presidency?	Is there a big chance that Trump will win the election?
0	What if I shift my job from e-commerce to cloud computing?	What computer science courses should I take If I want to join a product based or e-commerce company?
1	How can I meet Suresh Raina?	How do i meet suresh raina?
0	What is the name of the song in which picturized on Madhuri Dixit and Ranbir Kapoor and is from which movie?	What is the name of the song in which Salman Khan teases Madhuri Dixit by using a slingshot and is from which movie?
0	What is the function of nucleoplasm in a plant cell?	What is the function of centrosomes in plant cells?
1	Can fossil records be used as evidence for evolution? If so, how?	What are some examples of evidence of evolution that fossil records provide?
1	What is the Hizmet movement?	What is the Gülen movement?
0	Could CAT exam and MAT exam take place on same day (4th December 2016)?	Is it necessary to learn vedic maths and spending time on short tricks for cat 2016 exam?
0	What mythical creatures are in the Bible?	What do mythical creatures eat?
0	Which one is good: oral, anal, or vaginal sex?	We had consensual sex, then he forced me into having anal sex. If I press charges, will the fact that I consented to sex vaginally ruin my case?
0	What are the winter weather conditions like in Cincinnati, OH?	What is the weather like during winter in Tel Aviv?
1	What stocks are the best to invest in right now?	What are the best stocks to invest for long term right now?
0	How do we improve reading skills of children?	How do I improve my reading skill?
1	What should I do if someone has posted a porn video under my name?	What should I do if someone has posted porn video under my name?
0	Do you lose nutrients & calories when you have diarrhea?	Will eating 2,000 calories a day make me lose weight?
1	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Alaska?	What are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the NRA in Arizona?
0	What is the benefit of going Walking every morning?	Bollywood industry doesn't encourage outsiders? For ex outsiders may get one or at max two chances whereas star kids get multiple chances to perform?
0	Are there any martial artists who started later in life and went on to become champions?	What are the pros and cons of bringing a small claims case before the People's Court on TV?
1	How do I get my ex back?	How do I ask my ex to get back together?
0	Which framework should i choose for cross-platform mobile development?	What cross-platform should I choose while developing a mobile application for an enterprise?
1	What is the best way to prepare to IELTS?	What is the best way to prepare for IELTS?
1	How do I know if the girl am dating online truly live me for real?	How do I know if my online girlfriend truly loves me?
0	What area of games programming is most mathematically involved and suited to a math major?	If one was to go about learning Python to be able to apply it to his area of study (Major in Chem minor in Math), what applications of Python could be most useful when applying for a job?
0	What are the differences between larceny and robbery?	What is the difference between the words burglary and robbery?
0	Is graph theory counted as a prerequisite for machine learning?	Is Graph Theory a nice-to-have course to have for machine learning?
0	What are the best schools to study Natural language Processing in India?	Which are the best schools for studying natural language processing?
0	Will Ted Cruz supporters vote for Donald Trump?	Will Donald Trump support Ted Cruz for president?
1	What is a GDP?	What is the significance of GDP?
0	Is there a "blind trust" provision for American Presidents, and how is it enforced?	Who will be the new American president? Why
0	How do I make a girl who is a newly joined junior in my college to fall in love with me?	What do you have to do to become an airline pilot?
1	What are the home remedies for piles or anal fissure?	How do I cure anal fissure permanently with home remedies?
0	How many words are actually needed to learn for the GRE and what is the correct method to prepare for the GRE verbal? ?	How can I get best score in GRE?
1	Is the soul immortal?	Why is the soul immortal?
0	What are some of your own personal Moon in the 3rd House stories and experiences?	What are some of your own personal Jupiter in the 1st house stories and experiences?
1	What can be done to reduce the pollution of India?	What is the best way to reduce pollution in india?
0	Is government liasioning legal in India?	Is UberMoto legal in India?
0	What's the meaning of "I gotta take a shit!"?	What does "I fancy you" mean?
0	What is the best place to celebrate New Year 2017 in Hyderabad?	Which is the best place to celebrate New Year 2015 in Hyderabad?
0	What is working hard (not in terms of studying)?	What is working hard in terms of studying?
0	Can I upgrade Windows 32 bit to 64 bit Windows 8.1?	I have Windows 7 32 bit. Can I upgrade to 64 bit Windows 10 (since it's a free upgrade)?
1	Which were some of the bad experiences you had in life?	What were some of your good and bad life experiences?
0	Why is Timbaland famous?	Which brand of drums does Timbaland use?
1	Can you get a list of individual telephone numbers?	How do you get cell phone numbers?
1	Do you have to wake up during REM sleep to remember your dreams?	Do you need to wake up in the middle of REM sleep in order to remember you dreams?
0	What are common required and elective courses in agriculture?	What are common required and elective courses in philosophy?
1	How do I learn how to sing?	I want to learn singing. How do I start?
0	Who is capable of ending Google's monopoly in search?	Will Google's virtual monopoly in web search ever end? When?
0	Can an auto immune disease cause insomnia?	What causes Auto Immune diseases?
0	Does GTA IV work in Windows 7?	Does GTA IV work on Windows 10?
1	Which is the best SSC and banking training insititute in Chandigarh?	Which institute provide best SSC and banking coaching in Chandigarh?
1	Which is the best PMP Certification course provider in Bangalore?	Which is the best pmp certification center in Bangalore?
1	What is difference between net and gross income?	What is the difference between gross income versus net income?
1	How can I wake up early in the morning?	How can I get up early in the morning?
0	Why do you love her?	What do you love? Why?
0	I missed the IIT. What should I do?	When should I expect my joining date for Accenture, The timeline shows its 24 dec 2016 and I havent recieved any updates from the Organisation?
1	What is the difference between the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus?	What's the difference between the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6s?
0	How can one improve a credit score by 100 points?	Which army would win if fights occured between US troops from WW2 and US troops from Vietnam war?
0	My crush likes me back; what do we do now?	My sister told my crush that I like her without me asking her to do so. What should I do now?
0	Who is the most powerful character in Skyrim apart from Alduin?	Who would win the Dovahkiin from Skyrim or Kylo ren?
0	Can a Muslim guy date a non Muslim girl? Is it based on how religious the individual is or are there other factors to it?	What do non-Muslims expect from Muslims?
0	What are your comments on this picture?	What can I comment to my girlfriend's pictures?
0	When are the roads most slippery during rain?	During rain what should I do for precautions of flooding road?
0	How do you prove the Heisenberg uncertainty principle experimentally?	What's the easiest way to prove the Heisenberg uncertainty principle?
1	What is the IELTS all about?	What is IELTS and its use?
1	How do I lose weight without doing any sport?	How do I lose weight without doing exercise or diet?
1	Why do digital cameras have shutter sound?	What digital cameras have electronic shutter that can be set to make absolutely no sound or noise?
0	What's it like dating a gangster?	I'm 51 can I date a man in his 30's?
1	What were the main and most important political causes of World War 1?	What were the causes for World War 1?
0	How do I get over the fear of everything?	How do I get over my fears?
0	Which city in India has the best weather?	Which city in Argentina has the best weather?
1	What is the difference between HDD and SSD in layman's terms?	What is differences between SSD and hdd?
1	What does it mean if a dog vomits white foam?	Why is my puppy vomiting white foam?
0	Does my life hold any significance to the world/universe?	Do we truly have any purpose in life? Or do we create a purpose to make ourselves feel significant in the very vast world, or to make ourselves feel that our existence in the vast world is required?
1	How is the job situation in New Zealand for computer science graduates?	How is the job situation in New Zealand for computer science graduates diploma?
1	How would I develop an e-commerce website?	How do I create an e-commerce website?
0	How do you get a micro SIM card out of an iPhone 4?	Does an iPhone 4 use a micro SIM card?
1	What can I do to improve my question on Quora?	All my questions on Quora need improvement. What is the best way to ask a question on Quora?
0	If one of the people catches feelings, in an established friends with benefits arrangement, how can we drop the feelings going forward?	In an age where we constantly see the best of other people's work and lives, how do we not feel dissatisfied with our own work and lives?
1	What are some tips for someone trying to teach themselves to sing?	How can I teach myself how to sing?
0	If climate change scientists are right, why do they worry so much about public relations and packaging?	What kinds of rude comments will a man get in the United States if he dates a woman 30 years younger than him?
0	What is the main reason for all the problems in India?	If Frances Farmer (the actress) was still around today, what would she think about Donald Trump?
0	What is a good substitute for milk in macaroni and cheese?	What are some good cheese substitutes for Havarti cheese?
0	How can constipation cause dizziness?	Can constipation cause dizziness?
0	Is it possible to make doctor's review app using which patients can share anonymously all treatment given by that doctor, suggested medicines,?	What is the warranty period of the Mi In-Ear Headphones Pro?
1	What are some of the pros and cons of a Hillary Clinton presidency?	What are pros and cons of Hillary Clinton?
0	What are the best films that take place in one room?	I want to get thrilled. Which movie should I watch?
0	Is it normal if your sperm doesn't shoot out during ejaculation?	How do I ensure that semen doesn't come out from my penis after I ejaculate?
1	Which is the best coaching center for SSC and Banking in Chandigarh?	Which are the best SSC and banking coaching centers in Chandigarh?
0	What's the next number in the series 1,1,1,2,2,2,6,6,6?	What would be the next number in the series-2,15,4,12,6,7? ...?
1	What are the best things to do on Halloween?	What do we need to have the best Halloween?
0	I wish to start investing in Equity and Mutual Funds. Where should I open Demat account for best rates, transaction charges and so on? I am NRI.	I am 17 and I want to invest money in stock market where should I start?
1	Why do companies issue bonus shares?	Why do company issue bonus shares?
1	How can changing 500 and 1000 rupee notes end the black money in India?	Do you think scrapping of 500 and 1000 rupee denominations is going to eradicate corruption?
0	What should I major in (College) that won't leave me unemployed (other than Engineering, Law, Medicine)?	What should I do in a Group discussion when others keep fighting and won't let me talk even after I ask them to let me?
0	Who are the best custom kiosk manufacturers in India?	Who is the best manufacturer of customized kiosk in India?
1	Are there any telescopes powerful enough to view evidence left behind from NASA's moon landings?	Do we have telescopes powerful enough nowadays to see the man-made objects left on the moon by the Apollo missions, proving 100% that humans did in fact land there?
0	Is there any architectural complex/center/forum/hub anywhere in the world? As a third space.	Is there any online software available for calculating the time and space complexity of a Java program in Big O?
0	How many keywords are there in AutoHotkey Scripting Programming Language in the latest version?	How many keywords are there in AutoIt script programming language in the latest version?
0	What is the hardest thing(s) about raising children in Ukraine?	What is the hardest thing(s) about raising children in Mexico?
0	What is the best source to learn stock market online?	What is the best presentation software for you tube video making (both paid and free)?
0	Why does India sabotage and badmouth all economic projects which its neighbouring counries have in the world?	Why does India always sabotage and badmouth all economic projects Pakistan have with other countries in the world?
0	What does a wet vagina feel like for a man?	Why does it feel like there is a ball in my vagina?
0	Will Thursday Night Football increase ratings for CBS on Thursday nights rather than the Big Bang Theory?	Why is The Big Bang Theory (TV series) so popular? Why is it so popular with mainstream viewers?
0	How can I grow taller at 17?	How can you increase your height?
1	Have you ever been fired?	Have you ever been fired? How did you deal with it?
1	How on earth would I dress like a workout guy from the year 1990 in the summer?	How would I dress like a workout guru from the year 1990 in the summer?
1	My girlfriend has stopped talking to me. What should I do?	My girlfriend is not talking to me. What should I do?
1	What will the real estate look like now after the 500 and 1000 scraping?	How will abolishing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes affect the real estate businesses in India?
1	What are the best interview questions ever asked?	What are the best interview questions to ask?
0	I trust people very quickly and as a result always have been betrayed? What do I do not to trust people and still hold the relation simple?	Do you think trusting other people is wise enough after being betrayed by someone else?
0	Who are the best headhunters in Mumbai?	Who are the best headhunters?
0	What is the DHP vaccine for dogs for? Is it necessary?	Can rabies vaccine for humans be used for dog?
0	What are the differences between Asia and Africa? What are the similarities?	What is difference between Cableway and Ropeway?
1	Has wizard magic been scientifically tested?	Have mages been scientifically tested?
0	Why is contract law important?	Why is maritime law so important?
0	When will moto G3 (Moto G 3rd gen 2015) get Android 7.0 (Nougat) update?	How long will I get OS updates on moto g3?
0	Prove that SNR of power = (SNR of voltage) sequare?	Do you get paid when you do fight companions on the JRE or is it just for fun/exposure?
0	What are the best riddles by the Riddler (Batman)?	Who was the best villain in the Nolan Batman films?
1	Why there is so much nudity content in Game of Thrones?	Why is there so much nudity in the Game of Thrones TV Series?
1	How can I get followers and comments on my blog?	How can i get more follower on my blog?
1	I have only 2 months for my CA CPT exams how do I prepare?	I want to crack CA CPT in 2 months. How should I study?
1	What programming language should I learn if I want to do a 2D MMORPG game?	Which programming language should I learn if I want to develop gaming apps?
1	What is your view on the recent demonetization in India?	What are your views on demonetization of ₹500 & ₹1000 notes in India?
1	Why was cyrus mistry removed?	Why TATA sons replaced Cyrus Mistry to Ratan TATA?
0	How do you cancel USAA auto insurance?	Auto insurance Broker fee in CALIFORNIA?
0	Why have I been so angry lately?	Why am I so angry?
0	How do you form a hypothesis, since you haven't done any testing and don't have any test results yet?	Why do people who have done master's degrees in any field advise you not to do a master's?
0	What are the consequences of trolling?	What are some consequences of blackouts?
0	I am frightened of Arvind kejriwal, he may kill me, What shall I do?	What is the risk of selling bitcoin and accepting credit card payment?
0	What disadvantages do Apple computers/laptops have over other brands?	Why do so many people in the US have an Apple-branded phone or laptop?
1	What is the first moment you remember in your Life?	What is the very first thing you remember in your life?
1	What can I do after completing BDS?	What can we do after completing BDs?
1	Does all Muslims hate Narendra Modi?	Why Muslims hate Modi government?
1	I'm 18. What should I do?	What can I do when I'm 18?
1	What are some really good and famous romantic comedy movies?	What are the best romantic comedy movies?
0	How realistic is it to get a second bachelors degree in Math as an international student holding a first bachelors degree in Accounnting?	A baby lion raised domestic to the age of 4 ( human years) can survive if he would be released in the wild?
0	How is it possible to believe in the Old Testament in which there is just one God and at the same time believe in Trinity?	Searching practical application of 6 bit adc?
1	How should I start meditating?	How should I start meditating, and when?
1	Can an infinite amount of dark or vacuum or gravitational energy be created with expansion?	Is the potential energy of vacuum energy, virtual particles and/or dark energy infinite? NO MERGE
0	Is Bihar really developing under mahagathbandhan sarkar?	Is Bihar developing under the leadership of Chief Minister Nitish Kumar?
0	How can homeopathic medicine not have side-effects?	What are the side effects of homeopathic medicines?
0	How do you determine what's a good investment brokerage and what's not?	Which is best music player under 5000 inr?
0	What is the scope of supply chain management in India?	What is the future scope for procurement, logistics, operations and supply chain management?
0	Are the number of pistons equal to number of number of cylinders?	How do I join WikiLeaks?
1	Should you post picture on social media?	Should you post pictures on social media?
1	Can we control our actions in a dream?	Can we control our dreams? Can we dream what we wanna dream about?
0	How did you managed long distance relationship?	How can long distance relationships be successful?
0	What are the chances that I could just ask a rich person for a million dollars and actually have them give it to me?	I'm 26 and just hit 4 million dollars. I'm shooting for 40 by 35. Am I wrong thinking that living in the most expensive area of the country will give me better opportunities?
0	What happened to Hong Kong movies and TV drama? Why did they decline so much?	Will British citizens be allowed to move to the EU and live there after Brexit happens?
1	Did Trump win the election?	Does Donald Trump have any chance of winning the forthcoming election?
0	What are the best wallpaper apps for iPhones?	What's the best iPhone wallpaper?
0	How do I deactivate the app "App Lock"?	How do I recover the photos in app lock vault in an Android mobile?
0	In what format should I send book for printing?	Online test centers business?
1	Why does the caste system still exist in India?	Why does the caste system exist in India even after 7 decades of Independence?
1	How do I get a boyfriend for age 13?	How can I get a boyfriend at age 13?
0	What is rank at 550 marks in NEET 2016?	What will be my rank in NEET 2016 if my marks is 391?
0	Is the dynamic/flexi-pricing harsh on middle class people?	SEO or SMO which help to get more business?
0	Can I overdraft my Wells Fargo account?	What is Wells Fargo's overdraft policy?
1	What are some new marketing techniques for language schools?	What are marketing techniques for language schools?
0	How much do olympic gold medalists earn?	How much does an Olympic gold medalist earn in China?
1	What are the easy ways to earn money online?	How can I earn money on internet?
1	What is reactance in a capacitor?	What is the reason behind the reactance of a capacitor?
0	Is it true that the cost of living in SV and the Bay Area is so high that new grads making 150k+ have a hard time finding affordable housing?	Does Amazon.com reduce the cost of living in high-cost-of-living areas like Silicon Valley?
0	What's the best school in the world?	What are the best schools in the world to study cinema?
1	Why is Saltwater taffy candy imported in Australia?	Why is saltwater taffy candy imported in Austria?
0	What is value of 0?	Why does zero factorial (0!) equal one (1)?
1	Which are the best part-time jobs to do in Bangalore?	What are the best part time jobs we can do in Bangalore?
1	How do I become an attractive girl?	How do you become pretty/attractive?
1	What are some of the best music albums ever?	What is regarded as the best music album?
1	Realistically speaking, what would happen to the USA if Donald Trump wins Presidency in the 2016 elections?	Why is Donald Trump supported so much? What will happen if he wins the election?
0	What are symptoms of autism in kids?	What are the symptoms of autism in girls?
1	What's it like to be a non-smoking mother of smoking children?	What's it like to be non-smoking mother of the smoking children?
0	What is life without dreams?	Is life a dream or reality?
1	How comfortably can I live in Washington DC on a $80,000 salary?	Can I live comfortably in DC on $80,000 - $114,000 salary?
1	How do you find out if a girl has a boyfriend?	How do I tell if a girl has a boyfriend?
0	What are health benefits of red lentils?	What are the benefits of eating avocado?
0	What are some math related working models for class 10th?	How can I make a working model on maths?
1	How could I gain weight in a healthy way?	How can I gain healthy weight and mass?
0	What kind of animal did this?	What kind of animal are you?
0	How does Anil Ambani benefit from Rafel fighter jet deal?	What is bought more online?
0	Is YouTube Red's offline feature as good as downloading the video itself?	Is it possible to still have a decent credit rating after chapter 7?
1	How do I know if my spouse is my soulmate?	How can I know that he is my soulmate?
1	How do I get to be a people person?	How should I be a people person?
1	How does a long distance relationship work?	Do long distance relationships work?
1	HOw do I speak Fluent English?	How can I understand english?
0	Considering your position as Secretary of State gave you insight into the US's drone program, what will you do to reform the targeting process?	What was your biggest challenge as Secretary of State?
0	What exactly is MIKE2.0 (in layman's terms)?	What exactly is a framework, in layman's terms?
0	Why don't buffalo and the like evolve to band together against lions and cheetahs instead of run away?	Does okha express provide food?
1	Where can I find a hacker for good cause?	Where can I find a good hacker?
0	How can I change my snapdeal account's mobile number?	How do I change the registered mobile number for the DBS bank account?
0	What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at S & T Bank?	What are some tips on making it through the job interview process at AT&T?
0	What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Venezuela's industry compare to Cuba's?	What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Venezuela's industry compare to Bolivia's?
0	How did Lucifer and Gabrielle relate to each other?	How do the roles of the CIA, the NSC, and other related organizations differ from each other, and relate to each other, now and in the past?
0	What are some good movies to watch?	What are the best movies to watch?
0	How do I install Cydia without jailbreak on iOS 9.3.5.?	Can you download Cydia on your device without jailbreaking it?
1	What can I do to get a job at Microsoft?	How do I get job in Google or Microsoft?
0	Why is 'fahrenheit 451'  perceived as dystopia?	Fahrenheit 451 (1953 book): What is Guy Montag's namesake?
0	What is your review of Love in Thoughts (2004 movie)?	What is your review of Love on the Rocks (2004 movie)?
1	Is it physically possible to travel back in time?	Is it possible to travel back or forward in time?
0	Why am I only awkward with some people but not others?	Why do we get sea breezes in summer but rarely in winter?
1	How do I recover deleted messages in Facebook?	How do I recover deleted Facebook messages?
0	How is the compensation system in Uber?	Customer Service: What is Uber's phone number?
0	Is it feasible for Flipkart to offer an EMI on debit cards? What are the different factors involved?	Is there any way to purchase a phone on EMI via Flipkart with only a debit card? How?
0	How do I define tasks vs milestones vs deliverables in an agile scrum methodology?	What is Agile and Scrum model?
1	Life can be boring. What to do?	My life is boring. What can I do?
0	Where can I buy meldonium in Canada?	Where can I buy meldonium in the U.S.?
1	What would be a cool way to commit suicide?	What can be the most insane ways to commit suicide?
0	I accidentally took my blood pressure medicine twice, will I be ok?	Is 100/76 ok blood pressure?
0	Do you have any paranormal experience?	What are your best paranormal experiences?
0	Which 2G Band (900/1800Mhz) was sold during 2G spectrum scam?	What exactly is the "Vyapam" scam? Why have so many died because of it?
0	I am a straight A student but have no motivation or will whatsoever to go to school. Can someone help me fight this?	My fiancée died recently and it pains my heart, how do I learn to cope with this?
0	Which is the best shares to purchase and sale daily trading?	In Sydney, which company would be the best to get advice for Business Sales & Purchases?
0	I and my girlfriends private partstouched each other.can she become pregenant?	Why most of the cosmetic products don't have price tags?
1	Could we use cherenkov atmosphere radiation (with gamma rays or similar) to image the surface of a planet from here with ground based telescopes?	Can we map the surface (and the subsurface) of a planet using cosmic rays or very high frequency gamma rays with ground based telescopes?
0	What is a good song for lyric prank?	Diving the Blue Hole in Dahab?
